Q: What are two brands that have a retail location in or right next to Pioneer Square in Portland?
GTH A: Starbucks and Nordstrom
New A: Nordstrom and Starbucks have locations in Pioneer Square.

Q: What is the subject doing in The Star?
GTH A: Dancing
New A: The subject in "The Star" is dancing

Q: Can I find horizontal stripes on the building pillars of the Indoor karting place  in Dongguan, China?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there are horizontal stripes on the pillars.

Q: Is the bust behind the man in the painting Portrait of Johann Joachim Winckelmann facing the front or the side?
GTH A: Facing the side.
New A: The bust is facing to the side.

Q: Does the Cadillac Series 62 have a longer front or back hood?
GTH A: Front
New A: It has a longer front hood.

Q: Can the Eifel tower Las Vegas be viewed across a body of water?
GTH A: It can be viewed across the lagoon at Bellagio.
New A: Yes, it can.

Q: Which flowers are darker in color; Bougainvillea or Iberis sempervirens
GTH A: Bougainvillea
New A: Bougainvillea are darker in color.

Q: What is in the center of both the Fox Hollie Abstract Sculpture and the Abstract sculpture planned by Tamas Szanto and Kornelia Pallos?
GTH A: A hole
New A: Both have holes in the middle.

Q: In what colors are the words 'Hotel Du Louvre' shown on the hotel's facade?
GTH A: White, gold
New A: They are shown in white.

Q: What color dome could you see near the entrance to the Laboratories of the Biological Sciences building at Caltech?
GTH A: green
New A: You would see a greenish blue dome.

Q: Are all the colours in the wing of a Bohemian Waxwing also found in its tail?
GTH A: No
New A: Yes, you can find black and yellow on both the wings and the tail, although there is only white on the wings.

Q: Where were fireworks launched from at the stadium for the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony?
GTH A: From the roof
New A: They were launched from around the top edge of the stadium.

Q: Does the Statue of Liberty stand on a brick island on it's own?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it does stand on a brick island on it's own.

Q: Which would feature a larger variety of color: Traditional wedding at Meji-jingu or Bali Hindu Wedding with Traditional Dress
GTH A: Bali Hindu Wedding
New A: A Bali Hindu Wedding with Traditional Dress would feature more colors.

Q: Does the Hemingway House in Key West, Florida have a wedding arch outside?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, it does.

Q: Between the main reading room of Graz University Library and the OSU Thompson Library East reading room, do either both have lamps on the tables?
GTH A: both
New A: Both of them have lamps on the tables.

Q: Which building is taller, Douglass High School or Braniff Building in Oklahoma City?
GTH A: Braniff Building
New A: Braniff Building in Oklahoma City is taller.

Q: What type of water body can be seen below from up on the Sky Garden?
GTH A: river
New A: A river can be seen below from up on the Sky Garden.

Q: Are the cockpits of both the 1982 Indianapolis 500 winner and the number 1 car at the A.J. Foyt: A Legendary Exhibition at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum enclosed?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the 1982 Indianapolis 500 winner's cockpit is open.

Q: How many lamp posts stand directly in front of the Triumphal Arch in Washington square on the side away from the street?
GTH A: 2
New A: Two lamp posts stand on that side of the Triumphal Arch in Washington square.

Q: On The Magnificent Mile, what types of transportation service vehicles can be seen?
GTH A: Taxis, Busses
New A: Cars, vans, shuttles and taxis can be seen.

Q: Are there more than 2 flags at Pakistan's Pavillion at the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there were 3.

Q: What color is the Stata Center?
GTH A: Orange and white
New A: Stata Center is orange and white.

Q: Do the flowers of both the Aloe niebuhriana and the Dendrobium speciosum grow along long stems?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, both have long stems.

Q: Do all Cadillac Escalades have a metal bumper guard installed on the front?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, not all models do.

Q: Between a Spicebush Swallowtail and a Araschnia levana which butterfly has more white dots on it?
GTH A: Spicebush Swallowtail
New A: The Spicebush Swallowtail has more white dots on it.

Q: Which building has a more pronounced torque aspect;  Shanghai tower or Petronus towers?
GTH A: Shanghai tower
New A: Shanghai tower has the more pronounced twist.

Q: The inside of Craigdarroch Castle in Victoria is furnished using which material?
GTH A: wood
New A: It is furnished with wood.

Q: Does Sunset Key Island have fewer than 10 houses on it?
GTH A: No
New A: No, Sunset Key Island has more than 10 houses.

Q: What is the geometric shape of the black stone that holds Jane Mansfield 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star?
GTH A: Square
New A: Jane Mansfield 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is held within a square.

Q: Between Delacroix' paintings  Lion Hunt and Mounted Greek Warrior which depicts a white horse?
GTH A: both
New A: Neither depict a white horse, only lighter and darker shades of brown.

Q: What type of material is the bust of Lucius Junius Brutus made out of?
GTH A: Marble
New A: It is made out of marble.

Q: What is in the right hand of the statue of St. Nepomuk?
GTH A: A cross
New A: A cross is in its right hand.

Q: Does the JW Marriott Hotel in Kuala Lumpur have a curved exterior corner?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it does.

Q: What crop can be seen in the paintings La Récolte des Foins, Éragny and Récolte du foin à Eragny-sur-Epte by Camille Pissarro?
GTH A: hay
New A: Hay can be seen in both.

Q: What type of doorway is at the entrance to Hualien Creative and Cultural Industries Park?
GTH A: double door
New A: An open doorway.

Q: What common features are shared by the Architecture Building in Toronto and the Danish Architecture Center?
GTH A: They are both historic buildings with rows of windows on their facade.
New A: Both have an entrance, multiple floors, windows, and a roof.

Q: What do both Vincent Edwards and Goran Dragić wear around the knee while playing basketball?
GTH A: A brace.
New A: They both wear an ankle brace.

Q: Is one allowed to park in front of the drop box at the main San Francisco library?
GTH A: No
New A: No, no parking is allowed there.

Q: What is the only part of a Blue-crowned Motmot where red is found?
GTH A: Eyes
New A: Red is only found in the eyes of a Blue-crowned Motmot.

Q: What grows near both Diani Beach and Fontane Bianche Beach?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees grow near both Diani Beach and Fontane Bianche Beach.

Q: Is the text on the  Apothecaries Hall entrance written in uppercase or lowercase?
GTH A: Uppercase.
New A: It is written in uppercase.

Q: Do all Shanghai Tang stores have banners decorating their storefronts?
GTH A: No
New A: No, there are not banners decorating all of the Shanghai Tang storefronts.

Q: Is the knob in the center of the tile darker on one of the decorative wall tiles at the Pergamon Museum in Berlin?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is one that is darker than the other.

Q: What is the texture on the top of the Schizophyllum commune?
GTH A: Fuzzy.
New A: It has a fuzzy top side.

Q: Is the sign for the Button Hole shop in Central Soho in Hong Kong wider than the sign for the Cilaxy Night Club on Johnston Road in Hong Kong?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the sign for the Cilaxy Night Club on Johnston Road in Hong Kong is wider.

Q: How many rings can the man in the Portrait of Granet painting by Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres be seen wearing?
GTH A: 1
New A: He is wearing one ring.

Q: Did Martin Sheridan (winner of the disc launch at the 1908 Olympics) wear a long sleeve jersey during the throws?
GTH A: No
New A: No, he worse a short sleeved one.

Q: Is the woman in Takeji Fujishima's painting Perfume looking directly at the audience?
GTH A: no
New A: Yes, she is.

Q: Is the fence surrounding Beethoven's grave made of the same material as the balcony fence of the Kunsthistorisches Museum?
GTH A: No
New A: No, they are made of different materials.

Q: In the painting Island Women does the woman on the far left or the woman on the far right have longer hair?
GTH A: The woman on the far right
New A: The woman on the far right has longer hair.

Q: What is the shape of the roof of Th eOld Globe Theatre in Balboa Park, San Diego, California?
GTH A: dome, circular
New A: The roof curves up to a flat top.

Q: Did South Korea's men's archery team wear the same outfit that Yang Hak-seon wore during their respective medal ceremonies at the 2012 Olympics?
GTH A: No
New A: No, they did not.

Q: What is in the middle of the sculpture in between the two sets of bare legs on The Four Seasons sculpture?
GTH A: Wheat
New A: Grain is shown between the two sets of bare legs.

Q: What are some modes of transportation found at the Chandni Chowk?
GTH A: Scooter, car, rickshaw
New A: Cycle rickshaws, bicycles and cars.

Q: Are there more petals on the flower of the Columbine or the Yellow Coneflower species?
GTH A: The Yellow Coneflower
New A: There are more petals on the Yellow Coneflower species.

Q: How many languages is Stone Nullah Lane listed in?
GTH A: 2.
New A: It is listed in two languages.

Q: What name is atop the entry arch of the Carnegie Arch?
GTH A: Milton?
New A: Milton.

Q: Are all the buildings on Main Street North Adams the same height?
GTH A: no
New A: No, they are not.

Q: What material is the roof of the house in Constantin Kryjitski's Khutir (or hamlet) in Little Russia, 1884 made from?
GTH A: Thatch
New A: It has a thatched roof.

Q: What has more guns mounted on its front, the M5A1 in Kubinka Tank Museum or the Verkhnyaya Pyshma Tank in the Verkhnyaya Pyshma Tank Museum?
GTH A: M5A1
New A: The M5A1 in Kubinka Tank Museum.

Q: Do both the Salutation and the George in Hammersmith, London have projecting windows on the upper floors?
GTH A: Yes
New A: No, only The George has projecting windows on the upper floor.

Q: Is it possible for a person to reach the TV at the Gatti's Pizza near MLK & Guadalupe Streets by the University of Texas at Austin?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, a person can reach the TV at Gatti's Pizza.

Q: Do a Fiat Palio Weekend Adventure and Porsche 911E ca 1969 have the same shaped rearview mirrors?
GTH A: No
New A: No the mirrors on the Fiat Palio and the Porsche 911E are shaped different.

Q: In which direction was the glass exterior installed on the Freedom Tower, World Trade Center?
GTH A: From the ground up.
New A: It was installed from bottom to top.

Q: What color are both the door of the Stagecoach Spaghetti Express on Main Street in Princeton, Illinois and Kennedy's Pet Shop in the Murphy Blair Historic District, Old North St. Louis?
GTH A: Red.
New A: Both have red doors.

Q: Do the artworks An Old Man in Full Face and Old Man with Fur Coat both show an old man with a hat, a beard, and a chain around his neck?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, they do.

Q: What company sponsors the Porsche 924 Turbo race car?
GTH A: Banana Bits
New A: Banana Bits.

Q: Is the person carrying the torch at the arrival of the Olympic Torch in London taller or shorter than the red and silver cauldron?
GTH A: taller.
New A: They are taller than the cauldron.

Q: What pieces of Athena Parthenos are gold plated in front of the Austrian parliament?
GTH A: A small sculpture of Nike in her hand, tip of her spear, her helmet and chest.
New A: The helmet, the tip of the spear, the breastplate, and the object perched on its right hand.

Q: On which building can you see text: Hotel Intercontinental or Umeda Sky building?
GTH A: Hotel Intercontinental
New A: The Hotel Intercontinental.

Q: Do both the floor and the dome interior of San Francisco City Hall reflect light?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both the floor and the central portion of the dome interior reflect light.

Q: How many of the archways below the ceiling of the chapter house at York Minster do not have stained glass windows?
GTH A: 1
New A: Only 1 archway does not have stained glass windows.

Q: What shape is the base of the monument at the end of the tree line in Las Ramblas Barcelona?
GTH A: Round.
New A: The base of the monument is a circle.

Q: What surface is behind the display at the Hollywood and Ali exhibits at Boxing Hall of Fame, Luxor Hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada?
GTH A: Brick
New A: There is a brick surface behind the display at the Hollywood and Ali exhibits

Q: what color are the inlaid designs on the Estey pump organ?
GTH A: ivory
New A: The inlaid designs on the Estey pump organ are brown.

Q: Does the Knickerbocker Hotel have a sign for the GAP store on at least two sides of the building?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it does.

Q: Does the Four Seasons Chinese restaurant have a drive-thru?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, it does not.

Q: Which sculpture now features fewer hands; Hubert Walter statue, Canterbury Cathedral or St. Nicholas, Fladnitz - statue of St. Florian?
GTH A: Hubert Walter statue, Canterbury Cathedral
New A: The Hubert Walter statue, Canterbury Cathedral has fewer hands.

Q: What color is the biggest lettering on the Paramount Northwest Theater's sign?
GTH A: red
New A: The biggest lettering is red.

Q: Which building has more chimneys, Gamekeeper's Cottage,Burton Constable or Country Cottage, Sibton?
GTH A: Gamekeeper's Cottage,Burton Constable
New A: Gamekeeper's Cottage,Burton Constable has more chimneys.

Q: In the painting 'A Man in a Grey Coat,' which foot is in front of the other?
GTH A: Left
New A: The left foot is in front.

Q: What is on the tower between the windows of King's Cross station?
GTH A: A clock.
New A: There is a clock, a long narrow window, and a weathervane.

Q: What color are the fire escapes on Newbury Street & Hereford Street in Boston?
GTH A: black
New A: The fire escapes are black.

Q: On the Statue behind the main entrance to the Basilica di Santa Maria, is the left hand holding a book from the top or the bottom?
GTH A: top
New A: He is holding it from the top.

Q: Did the Cadillac Series 61 Fastback come as a four door sedan only?
GTH A: no
New A: No, there is a two door version.

Q: Are the sofas in the  The Villa La Pausa library replica at the Dallas Museum of Art and the Speaker of the House of Representatives office replica inside the Sam Rayburn Library and Museum the same color?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, they are different colors.

Q: Does Vincent van Gogh wear the same color jacket in both his 1889 self portrait and his 1887 Self-Portrait with Straw Hat?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, it's the same color jacket.

Q: Does the Pakistan Monument Museum have fewer than 10 potted plants along the ground in front of it?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the Pakistan Monument Museum has at least 20 potted plans along the ground in front of it.

Q: Is the arm of the Irish Bouzouki or the Mandolin shorter?
GTH A: Mandolin
New A: The arm of the Mandolin is shorter.

Q: Is the logo on the turn 4 wall at Texas Motor Speedway the same as the logo at the number 1 grandstands at Atlanta Motor Speedway, Henry County, Georgia?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, they both contain the same logo with red text on top and blue text on the bottom.

Q: What type of shoes is the woman wearing in the painting Mademoiselle Guimard as Terpsichore by Jacques-Louis David?
GTH A: White shoes with heels and a pink decoration
New A: Heels

Q: Is there more than one light above the door to The Puerta del Sol?
GTH A: No
New A: No, there is only one light

Q: Can I see pictures of The Beatles at the Mirage in Las Vegas?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is a picture of The Beatles at the Mirage in Las Vegas

Q: What search engine brand is being displayed in a NYC billboard?
GTH A: Yahoo!
New A: Yahoo is being displayed.

Q: What colored scarf is the man depicted in Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec wearing?
GTH A: Red
New A: He is wearing a red scarf.

Q: What is on the head of the Himalayan Monal?
GTH A: A plume
New A: A feather is on its head.

Q: Between the Statue d'autel and Unique Forms of Continuity in Space which figure depicted has longer arms?
GTH A: Statue d'autel
New A: Statue d'autel has longer arms.

Q: Do the lecture hall and the commons room hallway in the Cathedral of Learning both have multiple light fixtures hanging from the ceiling?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both do.

Q: In the MBK Center, where can I find an escalator?
GTH A: In front of the entrance to SF Cinema City
New A: An escalator is on the ground floor.

Q: Can the Mycena alcalina have a darker color on the cap than the Sarcodon imbricatus?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it can have a darker color

Q: What large circular object was involved in Team Korea's portion of the London Olympics opening ceremony?
GTH A: water wheel
New A: A wheel was used

Q: Does a male Northern Cardinal have a beak thicker than its eyeball?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it has a beak thicker than its eyebal

Q: Did Camille Pissarro create paintings that show the Boulevard Montmartre during different seasons?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, the spring season painting displays green leaves on the Boulevard's trees while the other does not.

Q: Are the feathers on the head of both the Steller's jay and the barn swallow crested?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, only the Stellar's jay has crested feathers on its head.

Q: Do the figures in 'Angel of the Dawn' by Abbott Handerson Thayer and 'Saint Michael the Archangel' an anonymous Mexican painting both have wings?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both figures have wings.

Q: What is the figure holding in both the Civil War Memorial in Bethel and the Hamilton Georgia Civil War Monument?
GTH A: A rifle
New A: A musket gun

Q: Is the tallest tree in the quadrangle of Knox College at the University of Toronto deciduous or evergreen?
GTH A: Evergreen
New A: evergreen

Q: Which gets wider towards the top, the China Zun in China or the Guangzhou Tower?
GTH A: both
New A: They both do

Q: Is the Wedding Dress worn Eliza Penelope Clay Joseph Bright 1865 adorned with lace or no lace?
GTH A: Lace.
New A: It is adorned with lace.

Q: What color are the largest letters on the sign for Kawin Place at Khao San Road in Phra Nakhon?
GTH A: Red
New A: The letters are red

Q: How many gold items are on the statue in front of the Austrian Parliament Building which has gold items on it?
GTH A: 4
New A: There are three gold items on the statue in front of the Austrian Parliament Building

Q: Is the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum building in Nashville, Tennessee wider or taller?
GTH A: Wider
New A: It is wider than it is tall.

Q: Which fungus looks most like part of it is made of fine lace; Phallus indusiatus or Phlogiotis helvelloides?
GTH A: Phallus indusiatus
New A: The Phallus indusiatus looks more like fine lace

Q: What color legs does a White-tailed Lapwing have?
GTH A: yellow
New A: Its legs are yellow

Q: Do the men in both Self-Portrait with a Straw Hat (1887) by Vincent Van Gogh and The Smoker (Le Fumeur) (1888) by Vincent Van Gogh have their heads covered?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the men in both Self-Portrait with a Straw Hat (1887) by Vincent Van Gogh and The Smoker (Le Fumeur) (1888) by Vincent Van Gogh have their heads covered.

Q: How are sponges made of sponge gourd displayed at the Spice Bazaar in Istanbul?
GTH A: Hanging in bunches.
New A: The sponges are displayed hanging in a bunch from a single point on a string.

Q: What is the architectural shape of the top of the window behind the pipe organ at Cathedral Saint Pierre in Beauvais?
GTH A: Arch
New A: The window behind the pipe organ at Cathedral Saint Pierre in Beauvais is arch-shaped.

Q: On the walkway leading up to Newbury College entrance, where are the thinnest tiles located?
GTH A: on the edges
New A: The sides

Q: What brand shoes did Special Olympian Diona Bell well in the 100-meter run at the Mississippi Special Olympics Summer Games?
GTH A: Nike
New A: Nike

Q: Which attraction at the Navy Pier park is the tallest?
GTH A: The Ferris Wheel.
New A: The Ferris wheel

Q: Which letter is formed by plants inside a circle of hedges at Tiergarten in Berlin?
GTH A: V
New A: V

Q: Which buildings have the more reflective exterior, City Center Bellevue or the Bellevue Towers?
GTH A: City Center Bellevue
New A: The exterior of City Center Bellevue is more reflective.

Q: What color is the sign on the exterior of Boscov's Department Store in the Exton Square Mall?
GTH A: green
New A: The sign is dark grey with black lettering.

Q: What is the smallest letter in the signage at St Anns shopping centre, Harrow?
GTH A: t.
New A: The letter "t" is smaller than the other letters on the sign.

Q: What colors were the jerseys worn by the two players wearing jersey #1 in the football match between South Korea and Great Britain during the 2012 Olympics?
GTH A: Yellow, orange
New A: Yellow and orange are the colors of the two players wearing jersey #1 at the game.

Q: Are the exteriors of the Hotel Fiesta Inn in Cuautitlán Izcalli, México and the San Marcos Hotel in Chandler, AZ the same color?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, the exteriors of the Hotel Fiesta Inn in Cuautitlán Izcalli, México and the San Marcos Hotel in Chandler, AZ have the same color.

Q: In the image of the Blues Hall of Fame in Memphis Tennessee, is the individual in front of the building sitting or standing?
GTH A: sitting
New A: In this image the individual is sitting on a bench.

Q: Are stone snakes carved into arches present in The Lost Continent section of Universal Orlando Resort?
GTH A: Yes
New A: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/The_Lost_Continent_06.jpg/800px-The_Lost_Continent_06.jpg

Q: Is the Olympic Symbol in Atlanta's Centennial Park taller than the stoplight next to it?
GTH A: No
New A: No, it is shorter than the stoplight next to it.

Q: In Statue of Mary Seacole, St Thomas' Hospital, London, is the woman wearing a pair of shoes or sandals?
GTH A: Shoes
New A: The statue is wearing shoes, not sandals.

Q: Does the Johnny Unitas uniform exhibited at the Pro Football Hall of Fame has long or short sleeves?
GTH A: long
New A: The Jonny Unitas uniform at the Pro Football Hall of Fame has long sleeves.

Q: Which is taller: the two, large red sculptures on the first floor of the Suria KLCC Shopping Centre or people?
GTH A: The red sculptures.
New A: The structures are slightly taller than the average person.

Q: On the Statue of St. Mary Mackillop, in which hand is she holding the rosary?
GTH A: right
New A: The statue is holding the rosary in its right hand.

Q: Is there a Pole located in front of the Cathedral at Zocalo Square in Mexico that is taller than the 4th highest point of the cathedral?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the pole appears to be taller than all the points on the cathedral, not just the fourth.

Q: Are both the interior and exterior walls of Chelsea Market brick?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both the inside and the outside have brick walls.

Q: Are all four heels of the horse of the Bartolomé Colleoni statue touching the ground?
GTH A: No
New A: No, one is raised up.

Q: What weapon is the man in James Mooney's White Horse (Kiowa: Tsen-tainte); Kiowa war chief, d. 1892; holding his war shield holding?
GTH A: A rifle
New A: The man in James Mooney's "White Horse (Kiowa: Tsen-tainte); Kiowa war chief, d. 1892; holding his war shield" is holding a rifle.

Q: Are there more statues over the top of the Vatican Museum entrance or on the roof of St. Peter's Basilica?
GTH A: The roof of St. Peter's Basilica.
New A: There are more statues on top of the St. Peter's Basilica

Q: How many interlocking bars form the Olympic Cauldron in Vancouver?
GTH A: 4
New A: Four bars combine to form the Olympic Cauldron in Vancouver.

Q: What kind of decorations are on Rue du Petit-Champlain during the winter?
GTH A: Lighted trees.
New A: Christmas trees and lights are common decorations on the Rue du Petit-Champlain during winter.

Q: What human form is carved into the building above the windows of the Guerlain store at the Champs-Élysées?
GTH A: head
New A: A human head is carved above the windows.

Q: Are round dinning tables common in American eateries?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, many different eateries feature round tables.

Q: In which painting is someone waving a French flag; Eugène Delacroix- Liberty Leading the People or Delacroix - The Justice of Trajan?
GTH A: Eugène Delacroix -Liberty Leading the People
New A: In Eugène Delacroix- Liberty Leading the People a woman is waving the French flag.

Q: Do the Moravian Slovak costumes during Jizda Kralu include hats for the men?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, they do include hats.

Q: Does the sign in front of the Wynn Hotel have its own name written in identical font to that found on the side of the hotel itself?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, the font is identical.

Q: What shapes are used as a background for the face mural at High Line in New York?
GTH A: Circles
New A: Circles and squares are used as the background for the face mural at High Line in New York.

Q: What shape is the window above the entrance to Templo de San Marcos Evangelista?
GTH A: rectangle
New A: The window above the entrance to Templo de San Marcos Evangelista is in the shape of a square.

Q: Is there not enough space for 5 people to sit in front of Bellas Artes?
GTH A: No
New A: No, there is enough space for 5 people to sit in front of Bellas Artes.

Q: Is all of the woman's hair pulled over just one shoulder in both To the Return of Times Lost and Spanish Woman?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the woman's hair in Spanish Woman is pulled over both shoulders.

Q: Does the Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh have arches and columns?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh has both arches and columns.

Q: How many ships are visible on the front of the National Maritime Museum?
GTH A: 2
New A: Two ships are visible.

Q: Do most of the people who congregate outside Imam Husayn Mosque wear a different color than the majority of the people walking around Bin Dawood?
GTH A: no
New A: No, they mostly wear the same color.

Q: Which structure has a cupola like detail upon the top; Munro House in South Branch, New Jersey or Orchard Terrace Apartments?
GTH A: Munro House, South Branch, New Jersey.
New A: The Munro House in South Beach.

Q: Are the footpaths outside the Johnson Foundation Building all the same color?
GTH A: No
New A: No, some are red and others are white.

Q: Is the glass on the entrance side of the Tokyu Plaza Omotesando or the Christian Dior Omotesando Building in Tokyo more translucent?
GTH A: The Tokyu Plaza Omotesando
New A: The glass is more translucent on the Christian Dior Omotesando Building in Tokyo.

Q: What animal is painted on the side of the Moby Dick Inn in Prince Rupert, British Columbia, Canada?
GTH A: a whale
New A: A whale is printed on the side of the Inn.

Q: Is Jun Ren's Freezing Water 7 statue in Vancouver horizontally symmetrical?
GTH A: No.
New A: It is not horizontally symmetrical.

Q: Are the heads on the Gold 20-stater of Eucratides and the 1849 G$20 Liberty Head coin facing the same direction?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the heads on the Gold 20-stater of Eucratides and the 1849 G$20 Liberty Head coin are not facing the same direction.

Q: Are the facades of the Pavilion Zero at Expo 2015 Milano and the Pavilion of Uruguay both solid?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the facade of the Expo Milano is not solid.

Q: Which bird's legs are longer and more suited to running on earth; Helmeted Guineafowl or Ceyx erithacus?
GTH A: Helmeted Guineafowl
New A: The Helmeted Guineafowl has longer legs

Q: Does Ricoh have an ad on Broadway?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it has an ad on Broadway.

Q: On the  statue The Capitoline Wolf Suckling Romulus and Remus, how many teats are on the wolf?
GTH A: 8
New A: The wolf has 4 pairs of 2 teats, so it has 8 in total.

Q: Is the lady in Juan Luna's painting The Parisian Life standing?
GTH A: No
New A: No, she is sitting.

Q: Is the fur of the Southern Bush Pig and the Zanzibar Leopard both spotted?
GTH A: No
New A: No, they are not both spotted.

Q: Besides Red, Green, Blue and Black, What color are Olympic Rings, officially displayed?
GTH A: Yellow
New A: Yellow

Q: Which statue has more writings on its monument: Thomas E. Watson statue, Atlanta or Martin Luther King, Jr. statue on the grounds of the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta.?
GTH A: Thomas E. Watson statue, Atlanta
New A: Thomas E. Watson statue

Q: Are the lights above the pool configured the same or differently at the Olympic Swimming Pool in Montreal and the Piscina Municipal de Montjuïc?
GTH A: Differently
New A: They are different lights.

Q: At what point on the human body does the bottom of the sculpture on Rodeo Drive end?
GTH A: Above the knees
New A: It ends at the neck and at the ankles.

Q: On Broadway, Manhattan in SoHo, which building has the highest sign looking south?
GTH A: 401 Broadway building
New A: 401 Broadway has the highest sign.

Q: Are the Colman sign and the marquee on different sides of the Colman Theater in Miami, Oklahoma?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both are on different walls of the theater.

Q: Is the advertisement for Peter Arthur stories displayed on The Pennsylvania station in 2009, roughly the same size as the advertisement that featured rapper Snoop Dog in 2005?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, both advertisements take up approximately the same amount of the building's walls.

Q: Is the base of Opening Doors sculpture at Eden Villa Park taller than the base of Chen Wenqin's Infinity Curve sculpture?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the base of the Infinity Curve is taller.

Q: How many holes does the Mantoura reed pipe from Crete have on its top side?
GTH A: Five
New A: There are five holes on the topside of the Mantou reed pipe.

Q: What grows near both the house at 2245 Island Home Boulevard in the Island Home Park neighborhood of Knoxville, Tennessee and The Pink House?
GTH A: Grass, trees, bushes
New A: Bushes grow near both homes.

Q: The deepest indent on the front of the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitess is located where?
GTH A: in the middle towards the bottom
New A: The deepest indent is in the center.

Q: During his 61-point game against the New York Knicks, what brand of shoe did Kobe Bryant wear?
GTH A: Nike.
New A: Kobe Bryant wore the Nike brand shoe during his 61-point game against the New York Knicks

Q: Which bird would blend in best on a gray tree trunk or branch; Oriental turtle dove or Himalayan Monal Pheasant?
GTH A: Oriental turtle dove
New A: The Oriental turtle dove would blend in best.

Q: What is at the center of the Spider Space Station Concept?
GTH A: a large cylinder
New A: A base is at the center of it.

Q: What color is the object that makes for the highest point on the main press Center in Sochi Olympic Park?
GTH A: Orange
New A: An orange tower is the highest point on the main press center at Sochi Olympic Park.

Q: What object can be found in the center of the six candles at the Altar of the Transfiguration in St. Peter's Basilica?
GTH A: A cross.
New A: A cross is in the center of the six candles.

Q: Which is taller, the Civil War Memorial in front of the Johnson County courthouse in Nebraska, or the tree standing next to the statue?
GTH A: tree
New A: The tree is taller.

Q: Do the colors of the trees in Ometosando always stay the same?
GTH A: no
New A: No, the colors change.

Q: What are the exteriors of the Altona Library Hall and the Library Hall in Carpentersville, Illinois made of?
GTH A: Brick.
New A: Both are made of brick.

Q: Which body of water has more nearby flowers, the Long Water in Kensington or the pool inside Kensington Gardens?
GTH A: pool inside Kensington Gardens
New A: The pool inside Kensington Gardens has more flowers.

Q: Does the Soho palace theatre have less than 10 windows?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the theatre has more than ten windows.

Q: Are individuals able to ride bikes on the street near the Christ Hospital at 176 Palisade Av?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, individuals are able to ride bikes here

Q: Which fungus is more similar to a sea shell; Schizophyllum commune or Mycena floridula?
GTH A: Schizophyllum commune
New A: Mycena floridula is more similar to a sea shell

Q: What grows near both MIT Building 36 and 38?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees

Q: Which instrument contains more black keys; MIM French Harpsichord  or Cornish pump organ?
GTH A: MIM French Harpsichord
New A: The MIM French Harpsichord has more black keys.

Q: Does the Physharmonica at Organeum have fewer black keys than the Magnus electric chord organ?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the Physharmonica at Organeum does not have fewer black keys than the Magnus electric chord organ, it has more.

Q: Does the entire length of Khao San Road have the same pavement type?
GTH A: No
New A: The pictures reveal that the Khao San Road does not have the same pavement type, it has different pavement types.

Q: Does the Big Ferris Wheel at Palette Town in Tokyo light up at night?
GTH A: Yes
New A: It does

Q: How many columns are there on the front of the MIT Building 10 and the Great Dome?
GTH A: 10
New A: Ten

Q: What do bleeding Mycena grow on?
GTH A: wood
New A: bleeding Mycena grow on dead logs

Q: What seasonal decorations appeared on Makariou Avenue in Nicosia, Cyprus during the Christmas season?
GTH A: Lights on trees and lights hanging across the street
New A: Light strings appear on Makariou Avenue in Nicosia, Cyprus during the Christmas season

Q: Which building maintains a more consistent width from bottom to top, Medical Arts Building 1011, Ouellette Avenue or the Gibson Showcase building?
GTH A: Medical Arts Building
New A: The Medical Arts Building 1011 maintains a more consistent width from bottom to top

Q: Is the fence around the globe in front of T Supermarket at International Village taller than the average person?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, the fence around the globe in front of T Supermarket at International Village is taller than the average person

Q: What color is the trim on the building at the corner of Dover Street and Water Street in New York?
GTH A: black
New A: The trim on the building at the corner of Dover Street and Water Street in New York is black

Q: What is China shortened to on the helmets of Hu Minghai and Shu Junrong at the 2012 Olympics?
GTH A: CHN
New A: China shortened to CHN on the helmets of Hu Minghai and Shu Junrong at the 2012 Olympics

Q: Is the Madison Park Technical Vocational High School building taller or wider in length?
GTH A: Wider
New A: The high school is wider in length because of many buildings and it only has 2/3 floors.

Q: Was the US Women's soccer game played on September 17, 2011 against Canada played on natural grass or on an artificial surface?
GTH A: natural grass
New A: The game was played on grass

Q: Which butterfly has a tail more similar to a swallow's tail; Atrophaneura alcinous or Celastrina serotina
GTH A: Atrophaneura alcinous
New A: The Atrophaneura alcinous has a tail more similar to a swallow's tail

Q: What animal is on the Los Angeles zoo road signs in Tiergarten, Berlin, Germany?
GTH A: bear
New A: A bear is on the sign

Q: The gills of a Laccaria ochropurpurea mushroom have a distinctly different color than the stem, what color are they?
GTH A: purple
New A: Pink

Q: Are there people with Hats in both The Painter Monet in his Studio painting and the masked ball at the Opera painting, both by Edouard Manet?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes

Q: What color pattern is found on the crown of a Crowned Lapwing?
GTH A: Black with white stripe
New A: Its crown is black and white

Q: What shape are the hedges in the park along University Avenue in Toronto formed into?
GTH A: Rectangles
New A: The hedges are rectangular

Q: On the Gettysburg monument in which hand does the statue hold binoculars?
GTH A: right
New A: He hold binoculars in his right hand

Q: What colors are on the Fenchurch Street Station logo?
GTH A: red blue and white
New A: The logo contains the colors red, blue, and white.

Q: Are the 2008 Summer Olympics torch and the 2018 Winter Olympics torch the same color?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the 2008 Summer Olympics is primarily silver, while the 2018 Winter Olympics torch is primarily white.

Q: What energy drink company has a sponsored tent at the Manitoba Electronic Music Exposition (MEME) at Old Market Square in the historic Exchange District in Winnipeg?
GTH A: Red Bull.
New A: Redbull Energy drink sponsored the tent.

Q: What color appears on the women's hats but not on the men's hats in the costume for the Folk Group Rudar Ugljevik?
GTH A: Gold
New A: Gold appears on the women's hats but not the men's hats.

Q: What grows near both The Crooked House of Sopot, Poland and Mindelburg Castle, Mindelheim, Germany?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees grow near both places.

Q: Are there the same number of tiers to the fountain in front of Saint-Hubert, Belgium as there are grey towers on top of it?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, there are the same number of tiers to the fountain in front of Saint-Hubert, Belgium as there are grey towers on top of it.

Q: How many windows are located above the entrance to the Soho Japan bar in Fitzrovia?
GTH A: Nine
New A: It has 9 windows

Q: What is scrawled on the walls of the abandoned building at Milovice?
GTH A: Graffiti
New A: The walls of the abandoned building have graffiti

Q: Is Wandsworth Garage large enough to fit multiple double decker buses inside it?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it is large enough to hold multiple buses.

Q: Which is more colorful: Traditional Chinese wedding dress or a typical Christian wedding wedding dress?
GTH A: Traditional Chinese wedding dress
New A: The Traditional Chinese wedding dress is more colorful than the typical Christian wedding dress

Q: Among the three disability signs at the Health Education Center in Chattahoochee Technical College, where is the location of the sign that is slanted?
GTH A: middle
New A: The sign that is slanted is at the top of the disability parking space that is farthest to the right when facing the building.

Q: What animal is perched on a flower at the top of the painting Flower Still Life with Crown Imperial by Johannes Bosschaert?
GTH A: a butterfly
New A: A butterfly is perched on a flower at the top of the painting Flower Still Life with Crown Imperial by Johannes Bosschaert.

Q: On the leaves of the cotyledon tomentosa, do they point upwards or downwards?
GTH A: upwards
New A: The majority of them point upwards.

Q: What color is the Guiyuan Temple, Wuhan?
GTH A: black and red
New A: The temple has many colors, including light grey, dark grey, red, black and white.

Q: Are there clouds depicted on both Peeter Baltens' Christ on the Road to Calvary and Copy after the circle of Jan van Eyck, Road to Calvary?
GTH A: Yes
New A: No, clouds are only present in Peeter Baltens' "Christ on the Road to Calvary."

Q: In Delacroix's painting Lion Hunt, are the more lions or horses?
GTH A: same number of each
New A: There are an equal number of lions and horses, two of each.

Q: Are the flags and decorations in front of the Metropolitan Museum of Art always the same?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, sometimes different banners are used to decorate the front of the museum.

Q: Is the obelisk in Argentina's Buenos Aires surrounded by grass?
GTH A: No
New A: There is nearby grass, but the obelisk itself is surrounded by pavement

Q: What medal was won in the Women's 100m Butterfly event at the 2018 Youth Olympic Games by the medalist who stood to the left of the gold medalist at the victory ceremony?
GTH A: Silver
New A: Silver

Q: Which building has the flatter rooftop, the Patentamt Berlin Kreuzberg or the Post Office at SW at Möckernstraße 135-138?
GTH A: post office
New A: Post Office at SW at Möckernstraße 135-138

Q: What grows near both the Upside down Pyramid, Bratislava and the building that looks like upside-down White Restaurant, Batumi?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees

Q: Do the Keystone Village, Colorado and Nicosia, Cyprus both have lights on trees during certain times of the year?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, both events have lights on trees during certain times of the year

Q: What color is painted around the entrance of the Main Street Market in Sabattus Maine?
GTH A: Red.
New A: The color red is painted around the entrance of the Main Street Market in Sabattus Maine

Q: What is the woman's foot resting on in the Allegorical Figure of Manhattan?
GTH A: A trunk
New A: The woman's foot is resting on a locked box

Q: Where does light come in from one of the small domes of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome?
GTH A: Through the top opening and side windows.
New A: It comes in from a circular window positioned in the center of the dome.

Q: What color railings are on the escalators in the  M%M's store in New York City?
GTH A: red
New A: The railings are red.

Q: What does  Berlin Tiergarten Denkmal Albrecht Graf von Roon statue hold in their left hand?
GTH A: Hat
New A: It is holding a helmet in its left hand.

Q: What geometric shapes appear in a group of four in black coloring in the middle of the Yokohama Landmark Tower?
GTH A: Triangles.
New A: Triangles appear in groups of four midway up Yokohama Landmark Tower.

Q: What magazine cover shows Eric Owens winning the 2001 USA National Championships?
GTH A: USA Table Tennis
New A: The magazine is the USA Table Tennis magazine.

Q: Is the merry-go-round shaded/covered at Seuss Landing?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes

Q: What color is the inside of a Hemerocallis flower?
GTH A: Yellow.
New A: Yellow

Q: What is the exterior of the Bird's Nest at the Olympic Stadium in Bejing, China made of?
GTH A: Metal
New A: Metal

Q: Are the Topman flags hanging above the Topman store on Broadway a lighter or darker color than the storefront?
GTH A: Darker
New A: They are a darker color.

Q: What color is the face of the time keeping device appears at the top of a building in Ginza in Tokyo?
GTH A: Blue
New A: blue

Q: Which had a greater variety of flags hanging from it, Provincetown, MA, USA on 22 June 2006 or Main Street of Red Lodge in July 2000?
GTH A: Provincetown, MA, USA
New A: Provincetown, MA, USA on 22 June 2006

Q: Is the woman in Pierre-Auguste Renoir's La Terrasse a Cagnes sitting down?
GTH A: Yes
New A: The woman is sitting down.

Q: What does the Bronze statue of Giordano Bruno by Ettore Ferrari in the Campo de' Fiori, Roma wear on its head?
GTH A: A hood.
New A: It has a hood on its head.

Q: Are the rectangular hollow on the blocks on either side of the doorway of the Puerta del Sol in Tiwanaku at the same height?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, they are at the same heights.

Q: What type of tie did Lyon Playfair wear with his suits?
GTH A: Bowtie
New A: Lyon Playfair wore bowties.

Q: At the Sochi Adler how many flat sides are on the building across the road from the soccer field?
GTH A: 3
New A: One flat side faces the soccer field.

Q: Are the four columns that appear in front of City Hall in Beacon, New York all the same length?
GTH A: yes
New A: yes

Q: Is the cap of a Lactarius clarkeae mushroom convex or concave?
GTH A: concave
New A: The cap of the Lactarius clarkae mushroom is convex.

Q: Which flower looks more like fine filaments colored yellow; Myrtaceae or Gloriosa superba?
GTH A: Myrtaceae
New A: The Myrtaceae flower looks more like fine filaments.

Q: In both Portrait of Pietro Bembo and Portrait of a Young Man in Red, does the hat match the outer layer of clothing or the second layer of clothing on the person?
GTH A: Second
New A: No, the hat is a different color in each portrait.

Q: Are there more than two flags near the Sochi Olympic Park Circuit?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there are more than two flags

Q: Does the Seven Seas Lagoon at Walt Disney World Resort have palm trees surrounded by water?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it has palm trees surrounded by water

Q: What is the main difference between the Chief Kashakes totem pole and Chief Johnson totem pole?
GTH A: The number of faces depicted.
New A: The Chief Kashakes totem pole is narrower than the Chief Johnson totem pole.

Q: Between a Ptiloris magnificus and a Clamator glandarius which bird has a larger beak in proportion to their body?
GTH A: Ptiloris magnificus
New A: The Ptiloris magnificus has a larger beak relative to its body.

Q: Where are station names posted at the 14th St-Union Square station?
GTH A: Above the walkway; on support post by tracks
New A: Station names are posted on the support beams that hold up the ceiling, and also on signs hanging from the ceiling.

Q: Which organs pipes are more golden in color; Pipe Organ - Music House Museum or organ of Bristol Cathedral, Bristol, England?
GTH A: Pipe Organ - Music House Museum
New A: The Pipe Organ - Music House Museum has pipes that are more golden in color.

Q: What colored beak does the Black-oystercatcher have?
GTH A: Orange
New A: It has a mostly orange beat with a lighter, yellow tip.

Q: Are the buildings at 1401–1449 Woodward Avenue in Detroit shorter or taller than two stories high?
GTH A: taller
New A: They are taller than two stories high.

Q: Which is higher at the Palacio Barolo in Argentina: the green part of the building or the highest balcony?
GTH A: The highest balcony.
New A: The highest balcony is higher than the green part of the Palacio Barolo building in Argentina.

Q: How many balconies does the Center city east building in Philadelphia have?
GTH A: Two
New A: It has two balconies

Q: Are there more columns at Parker Hall at Bates College or the Entrance to Hathorn Hall?
GTH A: Parker Hall at Bates College
New A: There are more columns at Parker Hall at Bates College which has seven than the entrance to Hathorn Hall which has only four.

Q: Is the stalk of the Tiny Russula paludosa the same color as its cap?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the stock is white and the cap is red.

Q: What is the shape of the welcome to carnaby street sign above the walkway of carnaby street in London?
GTH A: Arch
New A: The sign is curved.

Q: Are the footlockers at the foot of the beds in the Silent Wings Museum: Army barracks display the same color as the display case next to the cannon at the Gowen Field Military Heritage Museum, Gowen Field ANGB in Boise, Idaho?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the foot of the beds in the Silent Wings Museum: Army barracks display and the display case next to the cannon at the Gowen Field Military Heritage Museum, Gowen Field ANGB in Boise, Idaho are not the same color

Q: What was the Sochi bear wearing during the 2014 Winter Olympics USA vs Russia men's ice hockey match?
GTH A: A scarf
New A: The Sochi bear was wearing a scarf during the 2014 Winter Olympics USA vs Russia men's ice hockey match

Q: Does the interior of the Wingspread house have multiple brick features?
GTH A: Yes, the home includes several brick pillars and walls.
New A: Yes, it has brick portions in at least two different sections of the house.

Q: The arched entrance of Condor Court is designed to be wide enough for what to pass through?
GTH A: cars
New A: It's designed to be wide enough for a car to pass through.

Q: How many petals does each anemone flaccida flower have?
GTH A: 5
New A: Each anemone flaccida flower has 5 petals

Q: Are the caps of the Amanita Gioiosa mushroom flatter than those  of the Mycena Galericulata mushroom?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the caps of the Amanita Gioiosa mushroom are flatter than those of the Mycena Galericulata mushroom.

Q: Are there any trees near the Bannut Tree House which are taller than the house?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is at least one nearby tree that's taller than the house.

Q: Upon which street or area will you see repeating patterns in more buildings; Northgate Street Row East or centre of the city of Chester, England?
GTH A: Northgate Street Row East
New A: The buildings are more repetitive on Northgate Street Row East.

Q: Can double decker buses, single level buses, and cars be seen on the Royal Mile, Edinburgh?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, double decker buses, single level buses, and cars be seen on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.

Q: Does the Las Vegas Eiffel Tower rise higher than the Bally's Hotel beside it?
GTH A: Yes
New A: The picture reveals that the Las Vegas Eiffel Tower rises higher than the Bally's Hotel, so the answer is yes.

Q: What was the main color of the wrestling singlet worn by the wrestler that wore fewer kneepads in the match between Ratkevich and Renteria at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
GTH A: Blue
New A: the singlet is blue

Q: What color is the ring around a Red-wattled Lapwing's eye?
GTH A: red
New A: The ring around its eye is red

Q: What object is on top of the clock tower in Caxhuacan?
GTH A: A cross
New A: There is a small religious cross on the top of the clock tower in Caxhuacan.

Q: Is the Ontario Power Generation building curved?
GTH A: Yes
New A: After viewing the front of the building, I can say for a fact that the Ontario Power Generation building is curved.

Q: Which pizzerias in New York City have signs at the front entrance advertising ATMs?
GTH A: Daro's Pizza & Fried Chicken and Pizza Pasta Cafe
New A: According to both pictures shown, it would seem that all of the pizzerias in New York City, or most of them, have signs in front that advertise ATM's inside

Q: Do the antenna on the conehead mantis curve toward the back of it's head or stick straight up?
GTH A: Curve back
New A: The antenna curve towards the back of the head.

Q: What colored blazers did the korean team wear for the opening ceremony of london olympics?
GTH A: Navy blue
New A: The team wore black blazers.

Q: During the 2008 olympics, what colors did the Basketball team from china wear?
GTH A: Red and Gold
New A: The Chinese basketball team wore red and yellow at the 2008 Olympics.

Q: Both the Strange Nathaniel Cragan House and the Fink House contain what architectural structure?
GTH A: A turret
New A: Both houses feature a turret.

Q: Which is longest on a resplendent quetzal: the beak, tail feathers, or head feathers?
GTH A: Tail feathers
New A: The bird's tail feathers are the longest.

Q: Is there more than one humanoid figure carved into the arch of the San Diego Museum of Man?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there are multiple humanoid figures.

Q: when looking at Fuji Tv headquarters from the water, is the wider tower of the building on the right or the left?
GTH A: on the right
New A: The wider tower is on the right when viewing the building from this direction.

Q: How many valve keys are on a Soprano saxophone?
GTH A: 7
New A: There are seven valve keys.

Q: Is the body of the blue damselfly wider or narrower than a blade of grass?
GTH A: Narrower.
New A: The body of a blue damselfly is narrower than a blade of grass.

Q: Is the color of the Modern Sculpture near to Reading Abbey and The Burghers of Calais (an 1889 sculpture by Auguste Rodin, located in the Hirshhorn Museum's Sculpture Garden, on the National Mall in Washington, D.C) black?
GTH A: Yes
New A: No, the Modern Sculpture near to Reading Abbey is grey in color.

Q: Which body part is found on both a 1907 G$20 Saint Gaudensand a Lafayette dollar?
GTH A: Head
New A: Both coins feature a human face.

Q: Is the bronze statue of Saint Michael at Castel sant'angelo holding a different weapon than the statue of Saint George in Bratislava?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the bronze statue of Saint Michael at Castel Sant'Angelo is holding a sword, while the statue of Saint George in Bratislava is holding a spear.

Q: Can a body of water be seen from the top of Lombard Street and near the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, a body of water can be seen from both the top of Lombard Street and near the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco.

Q: What is the color of the feathers at the abdomen of the White-plumed Antbird (Pithys albifrons)?
GTH A: Dark brown
New A: The abdomen feathers of the White-plumed Antbird (Pithys albifrons) are rufous-chestnut in color.

Q: What color is the tallest of the colorful rectangles in the painting Composition with Red, Yellow, Black, Blue and Grey by Piet Mondrian?
GTH A: Yellow
New A: Yellow is the tallest of the colorful rectangles in the painting Composition with Red, Yellow, Black, Blue and Grey by Piet Mondrian

Q: Would there be more white in the clothing of a Zhongguo Chïna Marriage or in Traditional summer clothing of Belarusian peasants?
GTH A: Traditional summer clothing of Belarusian peasants
New A: There's more white in the traditional summer clothing of Belarusian peasants.

Q: How many lanes of traffic enter the Leonberg_Engelbergtunnel on each side?
GTH A: 3
New A: There are three lanes on each side.

Q: What type of closure did the jackets have that were worn by the Norwegian athletes at the Opening Ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics?
GTH A: Zipper
New A: The jackets worn by the Norwegian athletes at the 2010 Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony had zippers for closure.

Q: Which has a huge pipe organ; Trakya University Congress inside  or Sinfonische Blasorchester des Bayerischen Blasmusikverbands?
GTH A: Sinfonische Blasorchester des Bayerischen Blasmusikverbands
New A: The Sinfonische Blasorchester des Bayerischen Blasmusikverbands has a large pipe organ visible behind the stage.

Q: Do the Grey-headed Kingfisher and the Agapornis lilianae both have short, curved beaks?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the Grey-headed Kingfisher has a long, straight beak while the Agapornis lilianae has a short curved beak.

Q: How many crosswalks lead to the entrance of the Miami Beach Convention Center?
GTH A: Two.
New A: Two crosswalks lead to the entrance.

Q: Do the 2016 Olympic Torch and 2018 Winter Olympic Torch have the same dominant color?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: They do have the same dominant color.

Q: Does the Evergreen Violet or Rough Wallflower have more pedals?
GTH A: Rough Wallflower
New A: Rough Wallflower

Q: What type of paving is on the roads in Birger Jarls Torg, Gamla Stan, Sweden?
GTH A: cobblestone
New A: Cobblestone paving is on the roads in Birger Jarls Torg, Gamla Stan, Sweden.

Q: Were spectators allowed to watch the gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes spectators were allowed to watch.

Q: How many balconies are there on the facade of the 8 Mercer Street building in London?
GTH A: 1
New A: The building has one small balcony on the second floor.

Q: What color are the buttons on the Sopransaksofon?
GTH A: white
New A: The Sopransaksofon has white buttons.

Q: At the corner of the Richardson Building in Burlington Vermont next to Pearl Street, how many turrets are there?
GTH A: Three.
New A: There are 3 visible Turrets on the corner of the Richardson Building.

Q: What is the predominant color of the Red-masked parakeet?
GTH A: Green
New A: The red Masked parakeet is predominantly green in color.

Q: Is the sidewalk around the obelisk at The Plaza de la República in Avenida continuous or interrupted?
GTH A: Interrupted.
New A: Interrupted

Q: What is written in Globe that is found near the Paris Las Vegas Restaurant ?
GTH A: Paris
New A: The word "Paris" is written inside the globe.

Q: How many books are depicted along with the statue of Francisco Redi outside the gallery of the Uffizi?
GTH A: Two.
New A: One book is held in the hands of the man in the statue.

Q: Do Rabba and Galleria Supermarket in Toronto both have produce for sale in front of their stores?
GTH A: No
New A: No, only Rabba has produce for sale in the front of its store.

Q: Does the Hard Rock Cafe in Atlanta have any sportwear memorabilia hanging on it's walls?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes it has sportwear memorabilia hanging on its walls

Q: What is the color of the exoskeleton of the The Hotel Arts skyscraper in Barcelona  ?
GTH A: White
New A: It is white

Q: Which mushroom has more texture; Morchella esculentoides M.Kuo or Mycena overholtsii?
GTH A: Morchella esculentoides M.Kuo
New A: The Morchella esculentoides M.Kuo mushrooms are more textured.

Q: What word was written above the jersey number on the front of the jersey that Dirk Nowitzki wore during a game on April 6th, 2008?
GTH A: Dallas
New A: The word "Dallas" appears on the front of Dirk's jersey above his number.

Q: What color is the dome above Secession hall?
GTH A: Gold
New A: The dome is gold in color.

Q: Are there more weapons in Giovanni Battista Tiepolo's The Sacrifice of Isaac than in the painting Farewell of Hector and Andromache?
GTH A: No.
New A: The Farewell of Hector and Andromache features more weapons.

Q: Both Hearst Castle in San Simeon, California and Rosenborg Castle have flags on their roofs?
GTH A: no
New A: No, Hearst Castle in San Simeon doesn't have any flags on its roof.

Q: Did Ainu people wear clothing with patterns on them?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Both men and women of the Ainu people wore clothing with patterned clothing.

Q: Are all of the Stalls at the borough Market in London cover by a roof?
GTH A: No
New A: Yes, all of the Stalls at the borough Market in London cover by a roof.

Q: What are the four characters depicted in Portrait of the Four Tetrarchs shown to be doing?
GTH A: Embracing each other, in pairs.
New A: The four characters depicted in the "Portrait of the Four Tetrarchs" are hugging.

Q: What material are both the house at 228 E Dickson Street, Washington-Willow Historic District, Fayetteville, Arkansas and buildings at the small shopping precinct off Main Street, Copmanthorpe, York, North Yorkshire made from?
GTH A: Brick.
New A: Both the house at 228 E Dickson Street, Washington-Willow Historic District, Fayetteville, Arkansas and buildings at the small shopping precinct off Main Street, Copmanthorpe, York, North Yorkshire are made from brick.

Q: Where is a covered bus stop shelter near Cash Control Equipment in Glasgow?
GTH A: At the other end of the building on Cathcart Rd.
New A: The covered bus stop shelter near the Cash Control Equipment in Glasgow is at the back edge of the building.

Q: Do either or both of the chapter house at the Worcester Art Museum and the upper chapter house of Glasgow Cathedral have stained glass windows?
GTH A: both
New A: Yes, they both contain stained glass windows.

Q: Has the text at the Entrance to Hathorn Hall always been the same color?
GTH A: No
New A: No, at separate times it has been brown and white.

Q: Which flower has more petals, the Dahlia or the Melastoma septemnervium?
GTH A: Dahlia
New A: The Dahlia contains more petals.

Q: Did discus Olympic Champion Robert Garret wear a sleeveless jersey at the Olympic Games 1896, Athens?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, his jersey was sleeveless.

Q: What numbers were on the jerseys worn by some of the players on Angola's women's basketball team during their match against Croatia at the 2012 Olympics?
GTH A: 6, 11, 13
New A: Number 11 was shared by players on both teams.

Q: On the Benjamin Franklin statue outside of the Old Post Office Pavilion in Washington DC, does Franklin's jacket rest below or above his knees?
GTH A: Below his knees.
New A: The jacket rests below his knees.

Q: Which Fungus looks more like a club; Clavariadelphus ligula or  Pholiota squarrosa
GTH A: Clavariadelphus ligula
New A: Clavariadelphus ligula looks more like a club.

Q: What object is the subject in the Statue St. Martin Hoegling at Baudenkmal holding in the hand opposite the long staff?
GTH A: Book
New A: A book is being held in the hand opposite the hand with the long staff on the Statue St. Martin Hoegling.

Q: How many lanes wide is the street outside of the Knights Plaza Wide?
GTH A: Five.
New A: The street is 5 lanes wide

Q: What color jersey did women athletes wear during skiing competitions at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics?
GTH A: Pink.
New A: They wore pink jerseys.

Q: Are football and soccer both played at Olympic Stadium?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Both sports are played at Olympic Stadium.

Q: Which restaurant at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood could I eat outside of to get a good view of the blue fog?
GTH A: Panda Express
New A: You could eat at Panda Express.

Q: Does the Omphalotus illudens grow on trees or on the ground?
GTH A: On trees
New A: They grow on trees.

Q: What creature is on the top of the handle on the charka in the Cleveland Museum of Art?
GTH A: Fish
New A: A fish is on the top of the handle.

Q: What color is the Caruso name on the front of Caruso restaurant at La rambla in Barcelona?
GTH A: White
New A: The name appears in white letters.

Q: Does the Olympic Stadium in Athens only have one entrance?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the stadium has multiple entrances.

Q: between Jameh mosque and Agha Bozorg Mosque how many rooftop towers can be seen combined?
GTH A: 4
New A: Four towers can be seen.

Q: What can be seen at the entrance to  Fine Arts Building 410 South Michigan Avenue and  NYPL for the Performing Arts Amsterdam Avenue?
GTH A: Trees on either side
New A: Doors can be seen at both.

Q: How many of the flags flown on the top of the National Museum of China in Beijing are colored red and blue?
GTH A: Zero
New A: Zero, there are no flags with blue on them flying above the National Museum of China in Beijing.

Q: Which instrument is more shiny; Harmonijka or Erkencho del norte?
GTH A: Harmonijka
New A: The Harmonijka is more shiny.

Q: Are there more statues of people on the monument at Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires than on the roof of the Plaza Mayor in Salamanca?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the monument at Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires has fewer statues of people than the roof of the Plaza Mayor in Salamanca.

Q: What texture is on the surface of the leaves of the Cotyledon tomentosa ladisminthensis?
GTH A: Fuzz.
New A: The leaves of the Cotyledon tomentosa ladisminthensis have a hairy texture.

Q: How many people are in Van Gogh's painting Square Saint-Pierre?
GTH A: One
New A: One person appears in the painting

Q: Do the caps of both the Laccaria ochropurpurea and the Amanita vaginata flip upward?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, they do not both turn upward.

Q: Does the Amanita virosa have a cap and a stem that are the same color?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, it has a cap and a stem that are the same color.

Q: Which statue exhibits an example of more species; On the War Trail by Alexander Phimister or  Civil War Monument by Jakob Otto Schweizer, Civic Center Park, Denver, Colorado?
GTH A: On the War Trail by Alexander Phimister
New A: On the War Trail by Alexander Phimister exhibits an example of more species

Q: Which monument has inscriptions on more than one side of its base:Statue of Thomas E. Watson in Atlanta, Georgia or Jimmy Carter statue on the grounds of the Georgia State Capitol in downtown Atlanta, Georgia.
GTH A: Statue of Thomas E. Watson in Atlanta, Georgia
New A: The Statue of Thomas E. Watson in Atlanta has inscriptions on more than on side of it's base

Q: Are the headlights more circular on the Maserati Mistral 4000 Spyder or the 2009 Audi A4?
GTH A: Maserati Mistral 4000 Spyder
New A: The headlights are more circular on the Maserati Mistral 4000 Spyder

Q: What pattern do the small wooden windows above the pipe organ keys have at Helsingborg Saint Mary's church?
GTH A: Cross hatch.
New A: Cross-hatch

Q: Do both the Beale Street Gifts and Memphis Music signs light up at night?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes

Q: Comparing Monet's paintings Les bords de la Seine au Petit-Gennevilliers and Barcos, do the ships use the same method of propulsion?
GTH A: No
New A: No

Q: Does both the Gutu Mane in Karnataka and the Chaturmukha Basadi have pillars?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, both have pillars.

Q: How many kids are in the painting of The Royal family around Louis Joseph, Dauphin of France, in 1782 (from the Juigné collections, acquired in 1995 by the Société des amis de Versailles)?
GTH A: 5
New A: There are five children in the painting.

Q: Is the entirety of the Calvatia utriformis the same color?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, it is all white.

Q: Can I find a house with an incomplete overhang on Creek Street in Ketchikan?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is at least one house matching that description there.

Q: How many large columns support arches inside the main room of National Building Museum in Washington?
GTH A: Four
New A: Four large columns support arches inside the main room of National Building Museum in Washington.

Q: What kind of native American headdress does Keep the mountains from Dakota Sioux wear in his portrait ?
GTH A: Warbonnets
New A: nan

Q: Are the stained-glass windows in Nasir-ol-Molk larger than the front windows at The Blue Mosque?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes the stained-glass windows Nasir-ol-Molk are larger than the windows at The Blue Mosque.

Q: Which work illustrates cooperation more; Pomnik Wikipedii or  Horse Bit Cheekpiece, about 700 BC, Luristan?
GTH A: Pomnik Wikipedii
New A: Pomnik Wikipedii illustrates cooperation more than Horse Bit Cheekpiece.

Q: What part of the Ramesses II Statue in the British Museum in London is still intact?
GTH A: Chest and face
New A: The face of the statue is intact, as is the left shoulder.

Q: How many pillars are in front of the Façade of the Kurhaus?
GTH A: 6
New A: 6 pillars are in front of the façade.

Q: Is the sign at the top of the QFRONT building the same color as the HMV sign in Shibuya?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, the HMV sign is red and black, while the sign atop the QFRONT building is mostly white.

Q: Are there columns in front of the entrance of both Chestnut Street Baptist Church and St. Adalbert church, Kraków?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, there are only columns in front of the entrance of Chestnut Street Baptist Church.

Q: What colors are the seats in the lower levels of the stands in Olympic Stadium Seoul?
GTH A: red and white
New A: The seats in the lower levels of the Seoul Olympic Stadium are red and white.

Q: Where do ski athletes wear their numbers during competitions?
GTH A: On their abdomen.
New A: Ski athletes wear their numbers just below their chests.

Q: What shape is the side of the desk that the man is sitting at in the painting Visione di San Bernardo?
GTH A: A diamond.
New A: The side of the desk is a rectangle.

Q: Are Olympic ceremonies always held in open dome stadiums?
GTH A: No
New A: No, some ceremonies have been held in open air stadiums.

Q: Are there more men with flat topped or rounded tops to their hats in the painting At the Moulin Rouge?
GTH A: flat
New A: There are more men with flat topped hats.

Q: Does the Safeway in Burns, Oregon use the same logo as the T & T Supermarket in Richmond?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the two logos are different.

Q: How many of the Belarusian peasant girls are holding something in their hands?
GTH A: Three.
New A: Three girls are holding something.

Q: Do both the Eight Trigram Pavilion and the Pavilion at Chengde, China have a gold roof?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Both the Eight Trigram Pavilion and the Pavilion at Chengde have roofs that are gold in color.

Q: Which dress has a more uniform color - Norman Hartnell wedding dress or the Beaded shirt of Ojibway?
GTH A: Norman Hartnell wedding dress
New A: The Norman Hartnell wedding dress is more uniform in color as it is almost exclusively gold.

Q: Which is wider, the Ford Music Hall on the OBU campus, or the Convention Hall in Enid, OK?
GTH A: Convention hall
New A: The Convention Hall in Enid, OK is much wider than the Ford Music Hall on the OBU campus.

Q: Are the treads and risers on the porch steps of the William Henry Luick Farmhouse different colors?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, the risers are a lighter color than the treads, which are darker in color.

Q: What shape are the leaves trimmed into on the trees outside of Bangkok Palace?
GTH A: Circles
New A: The trees outside of the Bangkok Palace are trimmed into spheres.

Q: What functional structure does both the Bates College's Hedge Hall and Roger Williams Hall have at the edge of their roofs?
GTH A: chimneys
New A: Both buildings have chimneys

Q: Do the Union Station Train Concourse and O'Hare International Airport both have moving walkways?
GTH A: no
New A: No, only one has a moving walkway

Q: Which color is shared between the uniforms of the Belarusian rhythmic gymnastics team and the Israel Rhythmic gymnastics team at the 2012 Summer Olympics?
GTH A: Blue.
New A: They both feature blue

Q: Both in Atlanta, does the Statue of Pierre de Coubertin in have the same color stone as the CNN building?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the CNN building is lighter in color

Q: Which building has columns in front; 58 Hope Street, Liverpool or Fenchurch Street railway station?
GTH A: Fenchurch Street railway station
New A: There are columns in front of Fenchurch Street railway station.

Q: Are the benches in front of the Furnace Creek Inn and Ranch Resort in Death Valley solid or slatted?
GTH A: Slatted.
New A: The benches in front of the Furnace Creek Inn and Ranch Resort in Death Valley are slatted.

Q: In the French Landscape painting by Herman Alfred Leonard Wahlberg, what is the only form of transportation that can be seen?
GTH A: Boat
New A: A boat is the only form of transportation that can be seen

Q: What is the color of the carpet inside Pavilion Kuala Lumpur?
GTH A: red
New A: The carpet is red.

Q: Which statue is holding something larger: the Statue of Saint Leopold in Namest nad Oslavou or the Statue of Saint Jude in Aachen, Germany?
GTH A: the Statue of Saint Leopold in Namest nad Oslavou
New A: The Statue of Saint Leopold is holding something larger.

Q: Are more columns seen on the front or the right side of the Lincoln Memorial?
GTH A: The front
New A: There are more columns on the front of the Lincoln Memorial than the right side.

Q: Are there more yellow petals on a single flower of the Pachystachys Lutea or the Ranunculus Repens species?
GTH A: the Pachystachys Lutea
New A: There are more petals on the Pachystachys Lutea than the Ranunculus Repens.

Q: What animal can be seen being used as a form of transport in the Italian landscape with draughtsman painting by Jan Dirksz Both?
GTH A: Horse
New A: Donkey

Q: Are the knots that tie the sashes around the waist of the women wearing traditional Russian Folk Costumes centered or off-center on their bodies?
GTH A: Off-center.
New A: The knots on off-center on the women wearing traditional Russian Folk Costume.

Q: What shape is the sign next to the entrance of the Gokarna Temple?
GTH A: A rectangle.
New A: The sign is rectangular.

Q: Are the buildings on campus at Virginia Tech mostly muted colors or mostly blazingly bright colors?
GTH A: muted colors
New A: They are muted colors.

Q: Are the lights at the top of the pillars in the Nave of the Santo Stefano in Venice always on?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the lights are not always on.

Q: What does the Archangel Michael hold in his right hand in Archangel Michael Weighing Souls by Hans Holbein the Younger?
GTH A: A sword.
New A: He holds a sword.

Q: What letter upside-down does the Umeda Sky Building resemble?
GTH A: U
New A: It resembles a "U" upside-down.

Q: What kind of shoes did Popa Adrian wear during his deadlift at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Summer Games?
GTH A: Deadlift shoes
New A: Popa Adrian wore gym sneakers during his deadlift at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Summer Games.

Q: What grows near both the Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health and the Crooked House of Sopot, Poland?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees grow near both the Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health and the Crooked House of Sopot, Poland.

Q: Does the Brioni store at Wynn Esplanade on the Las Vegas Strip display suits in both of its store windows?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, the Brioni store at Wynn Esplanade on the Las Vegas Strip does display suits in both of its store windows.

Q: What kind of material is there on the exterior of the Sonnenhaus Heliodom in Erschmatt Switzerland?
GTH A: glass
New A: The exterior is made of some wood but mostly glass because it is heavily covered with glass windows.

Q: Which is higher on the Munich tram type A 2.2 in the Munich transport museum: the Pasing sign or the 256?
GTH A: The Pasign sign.
New A: The Pasing sign is located above the number 256.

Q: Are there streetlights along the Promenade at Venice Beach?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, there are streetlights along the Promenade at Venice Beach

Q: Which colors were on the banner during the opening ceremony of Wikimania in 2017?
GTH A: Blue and red.
New A: The banner during the opening ceremony of Wikimania in 2017 was white, orange, and blue

Q: How many of the horse's legs on the Erzherzog Karl monument are touching the base of the monument?
GTH A: 2
New A: Two

Q: At which location could you sit in air conditioned comfort while sharing ice cream with your sweetie; Marble slab at 14 Market Square in Knoxville or an Ice Cream food type truck near  The Arnstein Building?
GTH A: 14 Market Square in Knoxville
New A: You could sit in air conditioned comfort at Marble slab

Q: Is the white center line the same shape on Abby Road and on Avenue des Champs-Élysées?
GTH A: No
New A: No, they are not the same shape

Q: On a Marasmius pulcherripes, which is thicker, the gills or the cap?
GTH A: Gills
New A: The cap is thicker

Q: What shape is the Seoul Olympic Stadium in South Korea?
GTH A: A circle
New A: Seoul Olympic Stadium in South Korea is round.

Q: Are cranes that are taller than the Altes museum in Berlin forbidden to be used for construction in the area around it?
GTH A: No
New A: No, cranes taller than the Altes museum in Berlin can be used in construction areas around it.

Q: How many glass panes are there in the big arched front window at the Forum Civic Center in Rome GA?
GTH A: 25.
New A: There are 25 glass panes in the big arched front window at the Forum Civic Center in Rome GA.

Q: Is there a large area in Times Square where vehicles cannot go?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is a large area blocked off in Times Square where vehicles cannot go.

Q: Who has more hair showing: Shriya Saran walking the ramp for Neeta Lulla at Aamby Valley City India Bridal Week 2010 or Rajput bride wearing a pink lehenga?
GTH A: Shriya Saran
New A: Shriya Saran showed more hair walking the ramp for Neeta Lulla at Aamby Valley City India Bridal Week 2010.

Q: What grows near both Marihuanamuseum and Museumkwartier?
GTH A: Trees
New A: Trees grow in front of both these locations.

Q: In Canada does the Atlantic Super Store logo use the same colors as the Galati Market Fresh store?
GTH A: No.
New A: No the Atlantic Super Store logo does not use the same colors as the Galati Market Fresh store

Q: On the Berlin Tiergarten Denkmal Albrecht Graf von Roon statue, in which hand is the figure holding something?
GTH A: left
New A: The left hand is holding something.

Q: What did soldiers carry in both the presidential inauguration parade in Washington, D.C. on Jan. 21, 2013  and the Independence Day parade in Kyiv in 2016?
GTH A: guns / rifles
New A: They both carried guns.

Q: How many lanterns are on the front of the Babbo building in Greenwich Village?
GTH A: 5
New A: There are three lanterns on the front of the Babbo building in Greenwich Village.

Q: Which bird has long legs that enable it to catch prey; Nycticorax violaceus or Streptopelia turtur Pinares?
GTH A: Nycticorax violaceus
New A: The Nycticorax violaceus has longer legs.

Q: Do dogs walk inside Murphy Sculpture garden?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, dogs sometimes walk inside the garden.

Q: What color are the seats on the bottom level of Camp Nou?
GTH A: Red.
New A: red

Q: Do both Stroll along College and Royal Cinema have their logo on the building?
GTH A: No
New A: They do not

Q: In his Autoportraits in 1876 and 1910, is Pierre-Auguste Renoir wearing a hat?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, In his Autoportraits in 1876 and 1910,Pierre-Auguste Renoir is wearing a hat

Q: Are there at less than two arched building connection structures over kingly Street in London?
GTH A: No
New A: No, there are two arched building connection structures over kingly Street in London

Q: What was the colour of the track at the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics?
GTH A: Blue
New A: The track color was green at the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics

Q: Is there a traffic light in front of the Papaya King at 86th St. and 3rd Avenue in NYC?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, there is one in front of Papaya King.

Q: How many red wristbands did LeBron James wear during the NBA game on April 6th, 2007?
GTH A: Two
New A: He wore two red wristbands.

Q: Is the central structure of the Petersen Events Center rounded or straight-edged?
GTH A: rounded
New A: The central structure of the Petersen Events Center is both rounded and straight-edged

Q: Are the two towers at the front of Navy Pier the same shape as the two towers at the end of Navy Pier?
GTH A: no
New A: Yes, the two towers at the front of Navy Pier are the same shape as the two towers at the end of Navy Pier

Q: How many pillars are there in the entrance of the Henry Lippitt House?
GTH A: Six.
New A: There are 10 pillars in the entrance of the Henry Lippitt House

Q: What shape are the windows on the facade of Carnegie Hall in New York City?
GTH A: Arched.
New A: the windows on the facade of Carnegie Hall in New York City are rounded half circles

Q: The person depicted in the statue 'On the War Trail' is holding a spear in which hand?
GTH A: right
New A: The person depicted in the statue 'On the War Trail' is holding a spear in their right hand.

Q: What is on top of the square base on Ponsonby's Column in Valletta Garden?
GTH A: A round base
New A: There is a dome-shaped cap on top of the Ponsonby's Column in Valletta Garden.

Q: Does the Post Office in Monroe Illinois have a ramp and steps at the entrance?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, it has both a ramp and steps.

Q: Which building has a more modern exterior design, the San Francisco Civic Center or the Rome Civic Center?
GTH A: Rome Civic Center
New A: Rome Civic Center

Q: Where is the car logo on the Porsche 718 Cayman GT4?
GTH A: At the front end of the hood.
New A: The front

Q: What colors was the Egypt Pavilion at the World Expo 2010?
GTH A: White and black.
New A: Black and white

Q: Does the Trinity College Library in Dublin have less than 10 columns?
GTH A: No
New A: No

Q: Is there somewhere you can sit underneath a red umbrella near the Paris globe in Las Vegas?
GTH A: yes
New A: Yes, there is a patio where you can sit underneath a red umbrella near the Paris globe in Las Vegas.

