Q: Were fewer people killed in the blaze at Mecca Intermediate School No. 31 or in the Erwadi fire incident on 6 August 2001?
GTH A: the blaze at Mecca Intermediate School No. 31
New A: There were more people killed in the Erwadi fire incident.

Q: What relationship allowed the person with a Gaelic nickname that roughly translated as the freckled to get an earldom?
GTH A: His relationship with his wife gave him the earldom.
New A: Walter Bailloch became Mormaer or Earl of Menteith by right of his wife.

Q: How many years passed between Infante Luis of Spain taking over the lordship of Boadilla and the year of his morganatic marriage with María Teresa de Vallabriga?
GTH A: Fifteen
New A: 15 years passed between these two events.

Q: What type of railway is deemed to be the most cost effective construction in the area featuring the North Wales Coast Line?
GTH A: Narrow-gauge
New A: Smaller narrow-gauge railways were deemed to be the most cost effective construction.

Q: The tributary of the Colorado River with the same name as a river that ends in the town of Greenfield reaches its own end in which national park?
GTH A: The Green River, a tributary of the Colorado that shares its name with the Green River that ends in the town of Greenfield, reaches its end in Canyonlands National Park.
New A: The Green River has its confluence in Canyonlands National Park on the Colorado Plateau in Utah

Q: Are the Rhinacanthus nasutus and Tomarus native to the same continents?
GTH A: No, the Tomarus is native to the Americas and parts of the Caribbean while the  Rhinacanthus nasutus is native to tropical Asia and the western Indian Ocean.
New A: No, the former is native to Asia while the latter is native to the Americas.

Q: What is both a self absorbed and oblivious faun like shaman wanderer and a being who is a powerful mutant telepath who can read and control the minds of others.
GTH A: Xavier is both the oblivious faun like shaman and a mutant telepath who controls others.
New A: Xavier is the name of both.

Q: During Philip V's and Aeropus' reign in Macedonia, which populations caused problems for them?
GTH A: The Roman Empire, Thracians, and IIIyrians were the groups who opposed and threatened Macadonia during their rule.
New A: The Thracians and Illyrians caused problems for Aeropus, while the Romans caused problems for Philip V.

Q: What religion is practiced in La Rochelle Cathedral and Meaux Cathedral?
GTH A: The Roman Catholic religion is practiced in these locations.
New A: The Roman Catholic religion is practiced in both places.

Q: How many category levels higher was the storm designation given to Hurricane Rita than that of Hurricane Katrina on August 27th?
GTH A: 2
New A: Hurricane Rita was 2 categories higher than Hurricane Katrina.

Q: Did the Greco-Persian Wars end before Cyrus the Great died?
GTH A: No, the Greco-Persian Wars ended in 449 BC which is after Cyrus the Great's death in 530 BC.
New A: Yes, Cyrus the Great died before the Greco-Persian Wars even began.

Q: Which came first; Music of Friends or formation of Arrival the band?
GTH A: Formation of Arrival
New A: The formation of Arrival the band happened 25 years earlier.

Q: Are the AICA and the AIIS in the body both arteries?
GTH A: No, while the AICA is an artery, the AIIS provides attachment for the inguinal ligament around the pelvis.
New A: No, the latter is a muscle.

Q: Are there any ecclesiastical jurisdictions in Israel from the church that shared communion with the Roman Catholic church until the schism that separated them in 1054?
GTH A: There are two Eastern Orthodox ecclesiastical jurisdictions on the territory of Israel: Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem and Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch.
New A: There are two Eastern Orthodox ecclesiastical jurisdictions on the territory of Israel.

Q: San Pedro is a small town in a mountain range that is the southernmost range of what system?
GTH A: The Peninsular Ranges System
New A: The mountain range is the southernmost range of the Peninsular Ranges System.

Q: Is mail from the IG and SM postcode areas of England sorted at the same location?
GTH A: No, the IG postcode is sorted at the Romford Mail Centre, while SM postcode is sorted at the Croydon Mail Centre.
New A: No, the former is sorted at the Romford Mail Centre while the latter is sorted at Croydon Mail Centre.

Q: What other New Jersey city is part of the same combined statistical area as the city where Walt Whitman bought a house in 1884?
GTH A: Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the same CSA.
New A: Atlantic City, New Jersey is included in that area.

Q: Could the Hebrew word mal'akh be used to describe a seraphim?
GTH A: Since seraphim are types of angels, mal'akh could be used for them because mal'akh is the modern Hebrew word for angels.
New A: Yes, as mal'akh is a generic word for angel and a seraphim is a type of angel.

Q: The HK 416 and the GSMG are both types of what?
GTH A: Guns
New A: They are both types of firearm.

Q: How much did the film Love Story make the week that the 1970 Christmas number-one, I Hear You Knocking by Dave Edmunds, remained at number-one?
GTH A: $2,405,809
New A: $2,405,809 was the amount Love Story made during that week.

Q: What medium is the Walking Dead with Lennie James as Morgan Jones based on?
GTH A: It is based on a comic book series.
New A: It is based on a comic book series.

Q: The ACLS is composed of 13 of what, considered to be the basis from which lifelong learning can take place?
GTH A: Learning societies
New A: It is composed of 13 learning societies.

Q: What can a measuring cup measure regarding liquids, that have other traditional units of its measure like the cubic inch?
GTH A: Volume.
New A: A measuring cup can measure the volume of liquids.

Q: SpaceX has proposed to build infrastructure allowing transport to what planet that has 28.4% of Earth's surface area?
GTH A: Mars
New A: SpaceX has proposed to build infrastructure allowing transport to Mars.

Q: When did the geological event occur that might have made the desert line drawings in Nazca, Peru appear to shake?
GTH A: November 12, 1996
New A: On November 12, 1996.

Q: What type of data is physically transferred in data signaling rate and is what data-transfer measures the average number of?
GTH A: The bitrate.
New A: Bits is the type of data physically transferred in a data signaling rate and is what data-transfer measures the average number of.

Q: What are the official and unofficial subdivisions of the German language?
GTH A: West, North and South German
New A: The unofficial subdivision of the German language is South Germanic, whereas the official subdivisions are German, English , Dutch , Swedish , Danish , and Norwegian.

Q: What were the names of the authoritative books that New Text Confucianism was based on?
GTH A: Because New Text Confucianism was based on Confucian classics, they would have reference the The Four Books and Five Classics which illustrate the core value and belief systems in Confucianism.
New A: The Four Books and Five Classics are the names of the authoritative books that New Text Confucianism was based on.

Q: What does the Japanese names Yuri and Yuriko translate?
GTH A: The word Yuri translates to lily and Yuriko could mean lily,child.
New A: Yuri translates to lily while Yuriko has many meanings, one of which is lily.

Q: Which location did the Argentine submarine ARA San Juan participate in a navy exercise in that eventually resulted in a futile 15 days-long search for its disappearance?
GTH A: The navy exercise was in Tierra del Fuego.
New A: The location was in Tierra del Fuego.

Q: Did Nigel d'Aubigny die before or after Richard d'Aubigny, Abbot of St. Alban's?
GTH A: Nigel d'Aubigny died in 1129 after Richard d'Aubigny died in 1119 A.D.
New A: Nigel d'Aubigny died after Richard d'Aubigny.

Q: Was 8 Grand Ma released before or after Project Mercury was completed?
GTH A: after
New A: 8 Grand Ma was released 30 years after Project Mercury was completed.

Q: Which might infect the other but not visa versa; Corvinae or Coronaviridae?
GTH A: Coronaviridae
New A: Coronaviridae could infect Corvinae.

Q: Who first managed the Watford, Gianluca Vialli or Walter Mazzarri?
GTH A: Gianluca Vialli.
New A: Gianluca Vialli managed Watford first.

Q: Are MRP2 and MRP4 encoded by the same gene in humans?
GTH A: No, MRP2 is encoded by the ABCC2 gene, while MRP4 is encoded by the ABCC4 gene.
New A: No, MRP2 and MRP4 are encoded by different genes.

Q: Is the paroon shark and sofa shark part of the same family?
GTH A: No, the paroon shark is part of the Pangasiidae family while the sofa shark is part of the Pseudotriakidae family.
New A: No, the paroon shark and sofa shark are in different families.

Q: What is the name of the structure that functions as a royal residence to the King of Cambodia, and a UK Parliament building?
GTH A: A palace.
New A: Both are called palaces.

Q: Which language uses A to represent a contraction of the feminine singular definate article A with the preposition A and which referres to Profanities as profanidades, or improperios?
GTH A: Portuguese uses A to represent a contraction of feminine singular and includes profanities called profanidades.
New A: The Portuguese language.

Q: What did the the Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel, and Tin Workers do in the same year that the U.S. Open was held June 14–17 at Myopia Hunt Club?
GTH A: went on strike
New A: They began a strike against United States Steel Corporation.

Q: What are two examples of states that held a special election in 1802?
GTH A: New York and Georgia.
New A: Georgia and New York

Q: Which nation played in both Rectory Field's 1886 first international rugby union match and the first rugby football international of 1871?
GTH A: England participated in both games.
New A: England played in both matches,

Q: Is the Socialist Party in Belgium the only party with that name in the world?
GTH A: The Socialist Party is the name of many different socialist parties around the world.
New A: No, the Socialist Party is the name of many different political parties around the world.

Q: In what year was the American band Chicago's drummer Danny Seraphine dismissed after the release of their 1989 Greatest Hits 1982 - 1989 album?
GTH A: He was released the following year in 1990.
New A: Danny Seraphine was dismissed in 1990.

Q: Taxila–Khunjerab Railway Line is planned to be owned and operated by an organization that is ultimately run by what?
GTH A: The government of Pakistan, specifically the Ministry of Railways
New A: It is ultimately run by the Ministry of Railways of the government of Pakistan.

Q: Line beam scanning and tomography both use x-rays as part of the process of creating what?
GTH A: 3-D models
New A: They are both used to help create 3D models.

Q: Which was built first, the Kinsman-Salsman house or the Cornwallis Reformed Presbyterian Covenanter Church?
GTH A: Kinsman-Salsman house
New A: The Kinsman-Salsman house was built first.

Q: What did the character's played by Rodney Perry and Natalie Desselle-Reid argue about on the way to a dinner?
GTH A: The argument was about directions to the house.
New A: They argued over directions.

Q: Which countries code is the official compilation and codification of permanent federal statutory law?
GTH A: The United states Law is it's federal statutory law.
New A: The United States Code is the official compilation and codification of general and permanent federal statutory law.

Q: Do ungulates such as cattle, pigs, giraffes, camels, sheep, deer, and hippopotamuses have the same number of toes as ones that have a long upper jaw with an extended diastema between the front and cheek teeth?
GTH A: No, Odd-toed ungulates have a long upper jaw with an extended diastema between the front and cheek teeth and ungulates such as cattle, pigs, giraffes, camels, sheep, deer, and hippopotamuses are even-toed ungulates.
New A: Yes, as they're both ways of referring to Odd-toed ungulates.

Q: What is the HBO show that includes the American Vampire League based on?
GTH A: The Southern Vampire Mysteries by Charlaine Harris
New A: It is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries by Charlaine Harris.

Q: Which team had a more successful season, the Rangers F.C. during their 25th season of football or the Celtics during their 99th season of football?
GTH A: The Rangers F.C. had a more successful season.
New A: Rangers F.C. was more successful in their 25th season than the Celtics were during their 99th season.

Q: Which river joins the Darwen River outside Witton Country Park and rises on the moors above Guide near Blackburn?
GTH A: The Blakewater river
New A: The Blakewater river.

Q: How much longer is the Nevezis than the A1 Kaunas-Klaipeda highway?
GTH A: the Nevezis is 14 km longer.
New A: The Nevezis is 14 km longer.

Q: What  5 species of fish do British Columbian natives consider better than people, spiritually?
GTH A: Sockey, Pink, Chum, Coho, and chinook Salmon
New A: Sockeye, Pink, Chum, Coho, and Chinook.

Q: Do france and Israel follow similar systems in scouting?
GTH A: Yes they do
New A: No, the former is divided by sex while the latter is coeducational.

Q: What was used in ancient Egypt and sea battles to facilitate a siege?
GTH A: Machines and siege engines
New A: Ladders were used in both.

Q: Are buildings define as skyscrapers among those that are also defined by the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat in Australia?
GTH A: That council does indeed define buildings that are classified as skyscrapers.
New A: Yes, they are.

Q: Did Xerxes the first's failed invasion of Greece occur at the same time when Alexander the Great conquered Syria?
GTH A: Xerxes' failed invasion occurred 147-148 years before Alexander conquered Syria.
New A: No, there was a 147 year difference between the two events.

Q: What two words are shared between the alternate term for Akinetopsia and Motion Induced Blindness?
GTH A: Motion and Blindness
New A: Motion and blindness are shared between the two.

Q: Annbank railway station opened how many years before Dunkerton Railway station?
GTH A: Annbank station opened nearly 40 years before Dunkerton station.
New A: It opened 39 years before Dunkerton Railway station.

Q: Of Iowa, Utah, and California, which held its Democratic primary on Super Tuesday?
GTH A: Utah and California.
New A: Utah and California both held their Democratic primary on Super Tuesday.

Q: Between Ashleigh Barty in the 2019 French Open final and Jacquemot in the 2020 French Open Final, who lost more sets?
GTH A: Ashleigh Barty lost 4 sets and Jacquemot lost 12 sets.
New A: Jacquemot lost more sets.

Q: Is the diet of the Metopidius indicus and the chimney swift the same?
GTH A: No, the Metopidius indicus feeds on vegetation while the chimney swift feeds on insects.
New A: No, one feeds on insects and spiders while the other eats plants.

Q: The sides (lateral) and undersurface (ventral) of the tongue are high risk sites for the development of a type of cancer strongly associated with what two types of substance abuse?
GTH A: Tobacco and heavy alcohol use.
New A: Cancers of the mouth are strongly associated with tobacco use, especially use of chewing tobacco or dipping tobacco, as well as heavy alcohol use.

Q: What type of transports were the USS General John Pope and the USS General A. E. Anderson?
GTH A: They were troop transports.
New A: They were troop transports.

Q: What is a sort of passivation process in steel and can be something done with acid directly or placing metal parts in a sealed cabinet with moisture source?
GTH A: Bluing can be done with acid directly or placing in a moist cabinet or passivation.
New A: Bluing is a passivation process in which steel and can be something done with acid directly or by placing metal parts in a sealed cabinet with moisture source.

Q: Which two deities is Set associated with?
GTH A: He is associated with Ra and Ha.
New A: The deities Ra and Ha.

Q: Do both the Wolfe Tone and St Enda's GAC and the Drumquin Wolfe Tones have football teams for multiple age groups?
GTH A: Yes, they both range from under 6 to seniors.
New A: Yes, they both field teams for multiple age groups.

Q: What kind of animal are the main characters drawn to in both Ready to Run and Flash?
GTH A: They're both drawn to horses.
New A: The characters in both films are drawn to horses.

Q: What is the name of the church at the bottom of Parangimalai?
GTH A: St. Thomas Garrison Church
New A: The St. Thomas Garrison Church is at the foot of Parangimalai.

Q: Which specific term in chess has as part of it's term a word that also means doing without something or the ritualistic killing of an animal for a religious rite?
GTH A: A sham sacrifice is a chess term that has the word sacrifice in it which means doing without or a ritualistic animal killing.
New A: The chess term sacrifice.

Q: Was it James Madison's 14th Federalist Paper that had the military and militia discussed greatly in?
GTH A: No, that is Federalist Paper 46.
New A: No, it was Federalist Paper 46.

Q: On what continent can the black-necked stork and cassowaries both be found?
GTH A: Both have populations in Australia.
New A: They can both be found in Australia.

Q: What jobs did James Myers Thompson do during his life?
GTH A: He was a screenwriter, author, and worked at an aircraft factory.
New A: He worked at an aircraft factory and was an author.

Q: The lead singer of which industrial rock band formed another band that shares its name with a Kate Bush album?
GTH A: Stabbing Westward
New A: The lead singer of Stabbing Westward formed another band that shares its name with a Kate Bush album.

Q: Were there more or fewer episodes of Red Riding than there were gunmen in the bus attack in Safoora Goth, Karachi, Sindh in Pakistan?
GTH A: Fewer, as there were 3 episodes while there were 8 gunmen.
New A: Fewer

Q: How many districts are there in the state where Sikhism originated?
GTH A: There are 22 districts in Punjab.
New A: 22

Q: What is the process of testing a product's graphical user interface where test designers attempt to cover all the functionality of the system?
GTH A: Graphical user interface testing.
New A: Through a variety of test cases

Q: Which song by British rock band alt-J from their debut studio album An Awesome Wave is about a character's relationship with a girl named Mathilda?
GTH A: Matilda
New A: The song is called Matilda.

Q: What was Switzerland's best performance in alpine skiing during the second time that Italy hosted the Winter Games?
GTH A: The best performance was Martina Schild's silver in the women's downhill.
New A: The best was a silver.

Q: Is the Brahminy blind snake a venomous pit viper species found in the southern United States?
GTH A: It is non-venomous and is found in Connecticut.
New A: No, it is not a venomous pit viper species

Q: Do the stars of the Turkmenistan flag represent more areas than the stars of the American flag?
GTH A: No, the stars of the American flag represents 50 states while the stars of the Turkmenistan flag represents 5 provinces.
New A: No, the Turkmenistan flag's stars represent 5 provinces, while the stars on the American flag represent 50 states.

Q: What is the name of the sport for which the oldest object so far recovered, 8,000 years old, was found in the Holmegård swamp in Denmark?
GTH A: The name of that sport is Archery.
New A: The sport is called archery.

Q: Eric Clapton was in what rock band in 1969 that had the same number of members as the Yardbirds?
GTH A: Blind Faith.
New A: Clapton was in Blind Faith.

Q: Which was listed on the national Register of Historic Places first, the Bell Homestead or the Homestead Historic District?
GTH A: the Homestead Historic District
New A: The Homestead Historic District was listed first.

Q: What term used by TEPs to greet one another in the UK is also the name of a company that merged into Namco Ltd. on March 31, 2006?
GTH A: Bandai
New A: The term is Bandai.

Q: To what family do the gastropd mollusks Conus capitaneus and the conus natalaurantium belong?
GTH A: Conidae
New A: Conus capitaneus and the conus natalaurantium belong to the family Conidae

Q: Which country are both All Angels church and Cathederal of the Transfiguration?
GTH A: Canada
New A: Both All Angels church and Cathederal of the Transfiguration are in Canada

Q: What geometrical term did ancient Greek Perseus first describe that is a quartic plane curve?
GTH A: A Spiric section.
New A: Perseus first described the spiric section, which is a quartic plane curve.

Q: What directional geographic area of India are Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh located in?
GTH A: the north
New A: Both are located in the northern part of India.

Q: Heinz Hopf has two things named after him in mathematics named what?
GTH A: Hopf algebra and the Hopf fibration
New A: A Hopf algebra and the Hopf fibration

Q: Which countries do the names Frances and Stephen originate from?
GTH A: Frances originates from France and Stephen originates from Greece.
New A: They originate from Greece and France.

Q: What part of the pieces of matter that make up chemical elements determines the atomic number?
GTH A: The number of protons in an atom are the atomic number?
New A: The number of protons in an atom is the chemical element used to determine the atomic number

Q: Which areas are the Trimeresurus albolabris and Trimeresurus puniceus both endemic to?
GTH A: The Trimeresurus albolabris and Trimeresurus puniceus are both endemic to Southeast Asia.
New A: Both the Trimeresurus albolabris and Trimeresurus puniceus are endemic to Southeast Asia

Q: How are both public schools in the United States and academy schools in England funded?
GTH A: They are both funded by the state or government.
New A: They are both paid for by the state.

Q: Were both the HMNZS Otago and the USS Spruance named after human beings?
GTH A: No
New A: No, the HMNZS Otago was named after a province in New Zealand's South Island.

Q: Do both the TV shows the Twelfth Doctor and Spyfall, involve someone who is referred to as The Doctor?
GTH A: Yes, both shows have someone referred to as The Doctor
New A: Yes, both shows have someone referred to as "The Doctor"

Q: What happened first: West Slavic tribes settling in Pomerania or the name Vistula first recorded in Pomponious Mela?
GTH A: The name Vistula was recorded first.
New A: The event that happened first was the name Vistula first appearing in Pomponious Mela

Q: How many companies are there at least in Romania whose names contain the letters that make up the English word 'electric' within their names?
GTH A: Two
New A: One.

Q: Which engine type uses the crankcase as part of the induction tract, mixing the oil with gas there and uses a high amount of fuel to do this?
GTH A: Two stroke engines mix gas and oil and uses a lot of fuel.
New A: A two-stroke engine uses the crankcase as part of the induction tract, mixing the oil with gas there and using a high amount of fuel in order to do so.

Q: Who died at an older age: Private John Newman or John Colter?
GTH A: John Newman.
New A: Private John Newman died at an older age compared to John Colter.

Q: Which religion connect both Terma and Tara?
GTH A: Both Terma and Tara are associated with Buddism.
New A: Terma and Tara are connected through the religion of Buddhism, specifically Tibetan Buddhism.

Q: Who was the first Deputy Director for the organization that is in charge of the Reagan-Udall Foundation?
GTH A: Emilio Espinosa was the first Deputy Director.
New A: Mr. Emilio Espinosa was the first Deputy Director of the Food and Drug Administration.

Q: During the war that the Boot Monument is a memorial for soldiers serving in, what killed more civilians than died in all battles of the war combined?
GTH A: Intentional neglect while being prisoners of war on British ships.
New A: More Americans died as prisoners on British prison ships than in all of the American Revolutionary War battles.

Q: What is the ratio called that takes place during the Otto cycle and typically is seen in the idealized thermodynamic cycle of an automobile?
GTH A: It is called the explosion ratio, which forms as increased high pressure exerts a force on the piston and pushes it towards the BDC.
New A: isentropic expansion ratio

Q: For a tape ball and a spitball, do you add something to the ball or remove something?
GTH A: You add something to the ball.
New A: Tape ball adding an extra layer of tape around the circumference like a seam. The tape ball is thus a sound compromise between safety and sincerity to the sport. A spitball is an illegal baseball pitch in which the ball has been altered by the application of a foreign substance such as saliva or petroleum jelly

Q: A type of bursts, a well known high energy electromagnetic transient, are classified as what type of deep-sky event?
GTH A: A violent one.
New A: Gamma ray bursts are a well known high energy electromagnetic transient.

Q: What was the name of the person that built the first railway station in the city where the central stadium of Kharkiv, Metalist is located?
GTH A: Architect Andrey Ton.
New A: The station was built in 1869 by Russian architect Andrey Ton.

Q: Was Duke Xiao alive before or after the Qing dynasty ruled China?
GTH A: He was alive before the Qing dynasty.
New A: Duke Xiao of Qi died in 633 BC, which was before the Qing dynasty ruled China from 1644 to 1912.

Q: What Australian state is the Cape York Peninsula a part of that is where Brisbane is found?
GTH A: Queensland.
New A: They are both in Queensland.

Q: What other species is included in the family that the souimanga sunbird originates?
GTH A: The family of the soulmanga sunbird is called the Nectariniidae and also includes spiderhunters.
New A: Spiderhunters are another member of the family that the souimanga sunbird originates from.

Q: Which is a better descriptor for a key found on a device used to add and multiply; ECCE or EX?
GTH A: EX
New A: EX is a better example, as it is used on calculators which are devices used to add and multiply.

Q: The corymbia paractia and the corymbia grandifolia are both found in what country?
GTH A: Both are found in Australia.
New A: Australia

Q: Which antibacterial agents are produced by bacteriophages?
GTH A: Lysins are antibacterial agents that are produced by bacteriophages.
New A: Lysins

Q: What country joins the one that defeated Athens and Thebes in 337 BC that to form what is referred to as Northern Greece?
GTH A: Thrace and Macedonia are often referred to as Northern Greece.
New A: Thrace

Q: In which Texas county can you find an unincorporated community that has a similar name as the longest river that has a mouth and source in this state?
GTH A: You can find this community in Bastrop County.
New A: Bastrop County

Q: The unit that is commonly used to specify the pressure to which a CPAP machine is also the first word in what type of scanner used in whole body-imaging?
GTH A: A millimeter wave scanner
New A: A millimeter.

Q: How is the name of the snake that references the type locality, Ein Gedi on the western shore of the Dead Sea pronounced in Arabic?
GTH A: al'aswad alkhabith)
New A: It is pronounced al'aswad alkhabith in Arabic.

Q: How many years after the Nimrod expedition ended did the Imperial Trans-Antarctic expedition start?
GTH A: The Imperial Trans-Antarctic expedition started about 5 years after.
New A: It started 10 years after.

Q: What burial place are decorated with Egyptian mythology and even when robbed give an idea of the opulence of those buried there and have 3 main parts, including the Hongsalmun gate?
GTH A: Royal tombs are Egyptian burial places with 3 main parts, displaying the opulence of the buried.
New A: The royal tombs are decorated with scenes from Egyptian mythology and have three main parts, including the Hongsalmun gate

Q: Which two groups have invaded Anatolia?
GTH A: The Sasanian Empire and the Goths have both invaded Anatolia.
New A: The Goths and the military of the Sasanian Empire have invaded Anatolia.

Q: Kunoichi and Ninjas were both found in what country?
GTH A: Japan
New A: They are both found in Japan

Q: What year the Duke of Anjou's older brother, the Duke of Burgundy, die?
GTH A: 1761
New A: He died in 1761

Q: Were both David Hamid and William Edward Collins born in London?
GTH A: No, David Hamid was born in Scotland while William Edward Collins was born in London.
New A: No, David Hamid was born in Scotland.

Q: Though Christianity is a sort of westernizing feature in European Union, it's beginnings originate where?
GTH A: Middle east
New A: Christianity has it's origins in the Middle East.

Q: What religious group has churches in Macon, Columbus, and Atlanta?
GTH A: The Episcopal Church
New A: The Episcopal Church has churches in Macon, Columbus, and Atlanta.

Q: On which continent are both Indonesia's 76 volcanoes and Jolo and the Bud Dajo group of volcanoes?
GTH A: Asia is the site of Indonesia and the Philippines, where Jolo and the Bud Dajo volcanoes are.
New A: They are both in Asia.

Q: What type of roads does Florida State Road 817 intersect with?
GTH A: It intersects with other state roads and an interstate.
New A: Florida State Road 817 intersects with other state roads, turnpikes, and interstates.

Q: Was Weird Al Yankovic in 3-D released before or after Weird-Al Yankovic's Greatest Hits?
GTH A: It was release before.
New A: "Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D was released four years prior to the release of "Weird-Al" Yankovic's Greatest Hits.

Q: Which person would have been able to shoot a target with a gun more effectively; Henry Allen Ironside or William Edmund Ironside?
GTH A: William Edmund Ironside
New A: William Edmund Ironside would have been able to shoot a target with a gun more effectively compared to Henry Allen Ironside.

Q: What kind of insect is the western Chinese and north-east Indian Parnassius imperator, and the Indian and Nepalese Parnassius epaphus?
GTH A: They are high-altitude butterflies.
New A: The western Chinese and north-east Indian Parnassius imperator and the Indian and Nepalese Parnassius epaphus are both butterflies.

Q: How many layers are used for the most popular transmission protocol used by the internet?
GTH A: four
New A: Four layers are used for it.

Q: Was the city of Aelia Capitolina built while the Assyrians held Israel captive?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, their timelines do not match up.

Q: Do the tropical African calabash and the Trichosanthes dioica plants both feature gourds?
GTH A: Yes
New A: No, both do not feature gourds.

Q: Did the first or second album released by Stephen Bishop have a longer title?
GTH A: The first album
New A: The first album had a longer title.

Q: What type of research methodology would be used to construct the history of Cambridgeshire and its returning of members to Parliament?
GTH A: Chronology would be used to locate these historical events in time.
New A: Chronology could be used to help construct this history since it involves events in time.

Q: In the 1903 season, did the Michigan Wolverines or Ohio State Buckeyes outscore their opponents by more points?
GTH A: The Michigan Wolverines outscored their opponents by more points
New A: The 1903 Michigan team outscored their opponents by more points.

Q: What were the occupations of the two figures who respectively stumbled upon and dug up the Acambaro figures according to Dennis Swift?
GTH A: Hardware salesman and farmer
New A: They were a hardware salesman and a farmer.

Q: Did the 17th Baron Strange and the 16th Baroness Strange both use the suffix of Megginch?
GTH A: no
New A: No, both did not use that suffix.

Q: The Grogan Morgan Range, Challenger Mountains and the United States Range are all among the most extreme examples of what?
GTH A: Northern-most mountain ranges
New A: They are examples of mountain ranges

Q: What state in common did John Thomas The Bomb Tracy and Sulaiman The Bomb Ismail play college football?
GTH A: Texas
New A: Both played football in Texas

Q: What type of pressure forms during both the Otto cycle and in an air compressor?
GTH A: Both the Otto cycle and an air compressor deal with high pressure.
New A: High air pressure forms during both the Otto cycle and in an air compressor.

Q: Are there more extant species of lizard worm in the Blanus genus than there are in the genus that Blanus was formerly included in
GTH A: There are over 200 extant species in the Amphisbaenian genus and five in the Blanus genus.
New A: There are more extant species of lizard worm in the genus that Blanus was formerly included in.

Q: Which brother was older, Miran Shah or Shah Rukth?
GTH A: Miran Shah is the older of the two brothers.
New A: Miran Shah was older.

Q: Which venue in the University Endowment Lands was used during Canada's third Olympics?
GTH A: The UBC Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre was used in this Olympics.
New A: The UBC Doug Mitchell Thunderbird Sports Centre was used.

Q: On which continent could Cironius Scurrulus and C exoletus both be found?
GTH A: Both C Scurrulus and C exoletus can be found in South America.
New A: South America

Q: How was the history of Nei Mongol recorded and preserved?
GTH A: through Chinese chronicles and historians.
New A: through Chinese chronicles and historians

Q: What first name is shared by an Australian actor that graduated NIDA in 1984 and an English-Australian actor that gave birth to a son named Jason?
GTH A: Terence
New A: The name Terence is shared by both.

Q: Which pair of locations are closer to each other, Chena Hot Springs and Fairbanks, or Chitina and Glennallen?
GTH A: Chena Hot Springs and Fairbanks
New A: Chena Hot Springs and Fairbanks are closer at 56.5 miles apart compared to the 66 mile distance between Chitina and Glennallen.

Q: At maximum, how many seats on the STS-116 flight could have been filled by astronauts who were not African-American?
GTH A: Six seats could have been filled by astronauts who weren't African-American.
New A: At maximum there could have been 6 astronauts who were not African-American, assuming all 8 of the shuttles seats were filled.

Q: Who won the 39th edition of the Sugar Bowl?
GTH A: Oklahoma won but was forced forfeit, but Penn State refused to accept the win.
New A: Even though the win was forfeited due to ineligible players, The Oklahoma Sooners are considered the winners of the 39th Sugar Bowl.

Q: How many milliliters of liquid do a teaspoon and bar spoon hold?
GTH A: They both hold about 5 milliliters of liquid.
New A: Both the bar spoon and the teaspoon hold about 5 mL of liquid.

Q: Which river flows through the birthplace of the person the SI unit of electric charge is named after?
GTH A: The Charente is the river that flows through Angoulême, the birthplace of Charles-Augustin de Coulomb, the person the SI unit of electric charge, the coulomb, is named after.
New A: It is the Charente river.

Q: Detection of an injury normally caused by what can be tested for by trying to abduct the injured shoulder against resistance?
GTH A: A direct impact of some sort to the outer arm
New A: An injury caused by an impact to the outer arm can be tested in this manner.

Q: What are four governmental institutions in the country within which Andalusia is an autonomous community?
GTH A: The Government of Spain, the Cortes Generales, the Constitutional Court, and the Supreme Court
New A: The Government of Spain, The Cortes Generales, The Constitutional Court, and  The Supreme Court are four governmental institutions in the country within which Andalusia is an autonomous community

Q: Which is longer, The Dolphin Expressway or The Penobscot Narrows Bridge?
GTH A: The Dolphin Expressway
New A: The Dolphin Expressway is much longer than The Penobscot Narrows Bridge

Q: Who carried out bomb attacks on October 9, 1975 and September 29, 1971?
GTH A: The Provisional IRA carried out these attacks.
New A: The Provisional IRA carried out bomb attacks on October 9, 1975 and September 29, 1971

Q: Does the genus Pan have thousands of species like the Orchidaceae?
GTH A: No, Pan only has two extant species: the chimpanzee and the bonobo.
New A: No, the genus Pan only has two species.

Q: Is panambur on the coast of the Panambur beach?
GTH A: It is.
New A: Yes, both are in the city of Karnataka on the Arabian sea.

Q: How many years after the death of Francesco I Sforza was Francesco Italia born?
GTH A: 506
New A: Francesco Italia was born 506 years after the death of Francesco I Sforza.

Q: Which is something that could be seen today; The Fall of Phaeton (Rubens) or Phaeton (planet)?
GTH A: The Fall of Phaeton
New A: The Fall of Phaeton could be seen today.

Q: Sayf marched towards Ghazna in what year of his reign?
GTH A: The third
New A: He marched in his third year of his reign.

Q: When the Scottish under-20 football team reached the quarterfinals of the World Youth Championship and lost to Poland, what was the current NRL Under-20's still known as?
GTH A: The Jersey Flegg Cup
New A: It was still known as Celtic Football Club.

Q: Did Donald, Lord of the Isles die more than 200 years after the passing of Aonghus mac Somhairle?
GTH A: Yes, his death occurred 213 years later.
New A: Yes, he died 213 years later.

Q: What casting terms do flaskless molding and foundry work have in common?
GTH A: Cope and drag
New A: They have cope and drag in common.

Q: Was Admiral Chester Nimitz in charge of the US ships that fought in the Naval Battle of Casablanca?
GTH A: No
New A: No

Q: Was Gregory VII pope while church Patriach Christodulus reigned?
GTH A: Yes, Pope Gregory VII was pope from 1073-1085 and Christodulus reigned from 1047-1077.
New A: No

Q: Are the Holston Mountains found in more states than the Cherokee Lake?
GTH A: The Cherokee Lake is only found in one state while the Holston Mountains can be found in two states.
New A: Yes

Q: Of these singers named Robbie, which ones are male: Robbie Williams, Robbie Montgomery, and Robbie Glover?
GTH A: Robbie Williams and Robbie Glover are male.
New A: Robbie Williams and Robbie Glover are male.

Q: How long after they agreed to build the Little Dipper did Lockheed scrap it for tax reasons?
GTH A: 3 years
New A: It was scraped three years later.

Q: Was R.J. Mitchell working for Supermarine when his son Gordon was born?
GTH A: yes
New A: He was working at Supermarine then.

Q: Does commander and Chief of Naval operations belong to the same branch of army?
GTH A: Yes they do.
New A: No, the commander and Chief of Naval operations belongs to the Navy branch, not the Army.

Q: What sort of animals are Nemipterus furcosus and Nemipterus virgatus?
GTH A: Nemipterus furcosus and Nemipterus virgatus are both threadfin bream.
New A: Nemipterus furcosus and Nemipters virgatus are both species of threadfin bream.

Q: What type of energy is lowered to increase reaction rates from isomerases and for example, in converting from a stable cis isomer to the less stable trans isomer is greater than for the reverse reaction?
GTH A: The isomerization energy.
New A: isomerization energy

Q: What type of plant are both Trifolium angustifolium and Trifolium gracilentum?
GTH A: Trifolium angustifolium and Trifolium gracilentum are clovers.
New A: Both plants are a species of clover

Q: Who designated the special area of conservation in the Moray Firth that has its outer portion as the site of the Beatrice Wind Farm and oil field?
GTH A: It is designated by the EU Habitats Directive.
New A: The EU Habitats Directive designated the special area of conservation in the Moray Firth

Q: Are the Type 332 Frankenthal-class and MCM-14 both MCMV vehicles?
GTH A: The MCM-14 is a MCMV vessel, but the the Type 332 Frankenthal-class is not because it is just a minehunter.
New A: Yes, the Type 332 Frankenthal-class and MCM-14 both MCMV vehicles

Q: Are there more or less major professional sports leagues in the United States than there are current Olympic equestrian disciplines?
GTH A: More, as the former has 4 and the latter has 3.
New A: There are more major professional sports leagues in the United States than there are current Olympic equestrian disciplines

Q: Who died in mysterious circumstances in 204 BC that has the namesake of the one who married his older sister, Cleopatra?
GTH A: Ptolemy IV.
New A: Ptolemy IV died in mysterious circumstances in 204 BC and has the namesake of the one who married his older sister, Cleopatra

Q: Is the last letter of the name of the protagonist of the 1991 Aircel Comics six issue miniseries Carmilla the same as the antagonist in The Dark Blue published in 1971-72
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes Carmilla is an anagram of Mircalla. Having the alphabet a as the last letter of both names.

Q: What genus name do the black-banded spider wasp, the spider wasp found mainly in Eurasia, and the organism that is approximately 20 mm in length share?
GTH A: They are all Anoplius.
New A: The three wasp spiders shares the Genus name of Anoplius.

Q: Was Napoleon's invasion of Egypt launched before or after the Battle of Aboukir?
GTH A: Before
New A: Napoleon invaded Egypt in 1978 before the Battle of Aboukir that happened in 1801.

Q: Who both supported The Casemate du Pont Saint Louis, and fired on Pont-Saint-Louis bridge?
GTH A: Cap Martin and his men supported the casement and fired 8 shots at the bridge.
New A: Ouvrage Cap Martin did both.

Q: Which two items in your saliva break down polymeric macromolecules into their smaller building blocks?
GTH A: Amylase and lingual lipase accomplish this task.
New A: amylase, and lingual lipase

Q: Is the small Atlantic brief squid commonly known as a pencil squid?
GTH A: No, its other name is Lolliguncula brevis.
New A: Yes

Q: How does folic acid differ from folacin?
GTH A: Folic acid is a synthetic form of folate(folacin).
New A: Folic acid is un-methylated

Q: Does the Ring of Fire include the continent in which contains the mainland of the country where Longhope, Orkney is found?
GTH A: No
New A: No, Longhope, Orkney is in Scotland, which is not near the Ring of Fire.

Q: What continent do the Lily plants the Hemerocallis fulva, and the Alstroemeria grow on?
GTH A: Hemerocallis fulva is from Asia and Alstroemeria is from South America.
New A: The Hemerocallis fulva is grown in Asia, while the Alstroemeria is native to South America but also grown in North America and Australia.

Q: Are the Ross Barnett Reservoir and the Winsor Dam located on the same river system?
GTH A: No, the Ross Barnett Reservoir is part of the Pearl River in Mississippi, while the Winsor Dam is located in the Chicopee River watershed in Massachusetts.
New A: No, the Ross Barnett Reservoir and the Winsor Dam are located on different river systems.

Q: During The Bronze Age emerging with complex state societies, when was production of bronze common in locales where the necessary materials could be assembled for smelting?
GTH A: At around 2700 BCE.
New A: Production of bronze was common in locales where the necessary materials could be assembled for smelting about 2700 BCE.

Q: In which part of the body is it possible to find nerves?
GTH A: Face, thighs, legs
New A: You can find nerves in the thigh, the leg, and the face.

Q: Which is a better example of religion Catholicism or Animism?
GTH A: Catholicism
New A: Catholicism is a better example of religion.

Q: With which two countries does Paraguay have established diplomatic relations and shared diplomatic memberships?
GTH A: Paraguay has established diplomatic relationships and memberships with Colombia and Bolivia.
New A: Colombia an Bolivia are the two countries with whom Paraguay has established diplomatic relations and shared diplomatic memberships.

Q: which organ is near the orbital fissure and infraorbital vessels?
GTH A: The Eye is in the orbital fissure.
New A: The eye is the organ near the orbital fissure and infraorbital vessels.

Q: Do any of the administrative districts in the city of Manila share a name with any of the four district centers of the Metro Manila region?
GTH A: No
New A: No, none of the administrative districts in the city of Manila share a name with any of the four district centers of the Metro Manila region.

Q: What color is in the Flag of Myanmar, the Flag of Spain and the Flag of Gabon?
GTH A: Yellow is in all three flags.
New A: All three flags feature the color yellow.

Q: How many species are in the family that the Indos crab belongs to?
GTH A: sixteen
New A: There are sixteen species in the genus that the Indos Crab belongs to.

Q: The number of fillies that have won the Prix de Diane is the same number as the amount of Entertainer of the Year awards which 2009 honoree has won?
GTH A: Taylor Swift
New A: Taylor Swifts was the 2009 Entertainer of the Year, having won it twice like the two fillies that won the Prix de Diane.

Q: What are 4 types of classification that can be given to asteroids?
GTH A: PHA, C-type, M-type, and S-type
New A: They can be classified as C-type, M-type, S-type, and potentially hazardous asteroid.

Q: What name is shared by a fictional English band played by the real American band Eight Bucks Experiment in the movie SLC Punk and is a physical punishment given by a parent?
GTH A: Corporal punishment
New A: corporal punishment is the name shared by both entities

Q: What sort of animals are Smooth machete savane, Chironius exoletus, and machete savane?
GTH A: The Savanes or Chironius' are all snakes.
New A: Smooth machete savane, Chironius exoletus, and machete savane are all types of snakes

Q: Which happened first, the One Wild Night Tour or the Lost Highway Tour?
GTH A: One Wild Night Tour
New A: The One Wild Night Tour happened before The Lost Highway Tour

Q: How old was Duncan Stewart when William Manning died?
GTH A: Stewart was 27.
New A: Duncan Stewart was 27 years old when William Manning died.

Q: Is Ben Nevis taller than the North York Moors?
GTH A: Ben Nevis at its highest point is 1345 metres which is taller than the 454 metre maximum height of the North York Moors.
New A: Yes, Ben Nevis is 1345 m tall and the North York Moors are 454 m at their peak.

Q: The year that FDR criticized Hoover for over-spending, what Democrat won the Senate Election in Louisiana?
GTH A: John H Overton won the  Louisiana Senate Election in 1932.
New A: U.S. Representative John H. Overton won the Senate Election in Louisiana the year that FDR criticized Hoover for over-spending.

Q: Between Taiga Cordillera and Nunavut, which contains Arctic tundra?
GTH A: both
New A: Nunavut is mostly Arctic tundra.

Q: What archeological age are the Hunsbury Hill and Hollingbury Castle hillforts both from?
GTH A: Iron Age
New A: They are both from the Iron Age.

Q: In which country can you find both Darling Downs and New South Wales?
GTH A: Darling Downs and New South Wales are in Australia.
New A: They are both located in Australia.

Q: The power spectral density of what thing characterized as the measured total noise in a given bandwidth at the input or output of a device when the signal is not present, is measured by noise spectral density?
GTH A: noise power
New A: Noise power is measured by noise spectral density.

Q: Which prime minister of Italy appointed both Dario Franceschini and Roberto Speranza?
GTH A: Giuseppe Conte appointed them both.
New A: Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte appointed both.

Q: How many years after Stoke won the 1972 League Cup was their new stadium opened?
GTH A: Twenty-five.
New A: Stoke's new stadium was opened in 1997, 25 years after they won the 1972 League Cup.

Q: Both The River Erne, and The River Bann are rivers in Northern Ireland, but which one is part of Lough Neagh?
GTH A: The River Bann widens into the enormous Lough Neagh.
New A: The River Bann is part of Lough Neagh, which it widens into.

Q: Which states did the 1966-67 college basketball champion and the #1 ranked college football team in 1966 come from?
GTH A: The 1966-67 college basketball champion came from California while the #1 ranked college football team in 1966 came from Indiana.
New A: California

Q: Between James Jones and Adam Jones, which player played in a college farther to the west?
GTH A: James Jones
New A: James Jones played in a college farther to the west

Q: Which Spanish municipality is closest to the location once known as Mons Calpe?
GTH A: La Línea de la Concepción is the Spanish municipality closest to Gibraltar, the location once known as Mons Calpe.
New A: La Línea de la Concepción

Q: On which continent can you find, as natives, Ziziphus oenoplia and Z. mauritiana?
GTH A: Both Ziziphus oenoplia and Z. mauritiana are found on Asia.
New A: Asia

Q: Did the Numidians ever adopt Roman cultural beliefs?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes

Q: What happens if the radiant point of the Orionids is at or below the horizon?
GTH A: Few meteors will be observed if the radiant point is at or below the horizon because the atmosphere shields the Earth from most of the debris.
New A: few if any meteors will be observed

Q: What type of object is both the tepoztli and the macuahuitl?
GTH A: They are both weapons.
New A: Both the tepoztli and the macuahuitl are weapons

Q: What connects Bagabag and San Nicolas towns?
GTH A: Bagabag is located in the northeastern part of Nueva Vizcaya while San Nicolas borders Nueva Vizcaya.
New A: Both Bagabag and San Nicolas towns border the Nueva Vizcaya

Q: How was the acting of the person who played Dondi in the movie received by film critics?
GTH A: negatively
New A: The acting of the person who played Dondi in the movie was negatively received by critics.

Q: Which road is shorter, County Route 81 in Suffolk County or New York State Route 454?
GTH A: County Route 81 is shorter.
New A: County Route 81 is shorter.

Q: Michael Army Airfield is owned by the military of what country that the 78th Training Division is a part of?
GTH A: The United States
New A: It's owned by the Army.

Q: Cystic fibrosis and  Spinocerebellar ataxia both are what in origin?
GTH A: Genetic
New A: They are genetic.

Q: What country is situated entirely on the Indian Plate and has its Northern Culture describing seven different states?
GTH A: India.
New A: India

Q: What causes allergic contact dermatitis?
GTH A: Allergic diseases are caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
New A: They are caused by a hypersensitivity of the immune system.

Q: Which features more golf related activities; Beach Boulevard (Hamilton) or Confederation Beach Park?
GTH A: Confederation Beach Park
New A: Confederation Beach Park has more golf activities.

Q: In which area can you find both Parcoblatta uhleriana and Parcoblatta pensylvanica?
GTH A: Both Parcoblatta uhleriana and Parcoblatta pensylvanica are in North America.
New A: You can find both in the United States.

Q: Was Operation Harpoon or Battle of Pantelleria considered a part of the Battle of the Atlantic in the Arctic Circle?
GTH A: No because Pantelleria took place in the Mediterranean Sea, not the Arctic Circle.
New A: no

Q: Who was the individual who had an equation showing that the static pressure is highest when the velocity is zero and said that gases consist of great numbers of molecules moving in all directions?
GTH A: Bernoulli.
New A: Bernoulli

Q: What does the son of Joan Hawthorne born on 29, July, 1939 have in common with member of the League of Gentlemen that was born on 14 June, 1966?
GTH A: They share their first name
New A: They are both English.

Q: What year in common were the films The Witches or Witchcraft Through the Ages and Blood and Sand released?
GTH A: 1922
New A: Both were released in 1922.

Q: During the time that this person's youth in Germany totaled 8.8 million, who appealed to the KDF to have their children killed?
GTH A: Parents applied to the KDF to have their disabled children euthanized.
New A: Parents of disabled children made that appeal.

Q: What order of crustaceans is part of the Malacostraca class and is present in Dominica?
GTH A: The Decapoda
New A: Decapod crustaceans are part of both.

Q: Which contains more Bible books; Books of Wisdom or Biblical Protestant Apocrypha?
GTH A: Books of Wisdom
New A: There are more Books of Wisdom than there are books in the Biblical Protestant Apocrypha.

Q: What type of land mass is the Caribbean Sea's Lesser Antilles and the Los Martires that looked like suffering men from a distance?
GTH A: They are islands.
New A: The Lesser Antilles and the Los Martires are both islands.

Q: Between George Washington, Ronald Reagan, and Herbert Hoover, which two were born in the same month of the year?
GTH A: George Washington and Ronald Reagan were both born in February.
New A: Both George Washington and Ronald Reagan were born in February.

Q: A Medieval period besieging army might have had what type of division charged with operating equipment like battering rams and siege towers?
GTH A: A battaile.
New A: A Medieval period besieging army might have had a battle or battaile division charged with operating equipment like battering rams and siege towers.

Q: Were the Napoleanic Wars still ongoing by the time that Napoleon III had been born?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes

Q: Was Shahara in the film that Shriya Saran made her acting debut in?
GTH A: No
New A: No

Q: The military branch that runs the Air Facility Quantico, Virginia calls what force its Warfighting MEF?
GTH A: I Marine Expeditionary Force
New A: I Marine Expeditionary Force is called the Warfighting MEF.

Q: Which occurred first: Nanchan Temple escaping destruction during the Buddhist purges or the building of the Great East Hall?
GTH A: Nanchan Temple escaping destruction occurred first.
New A: The Nanchan Temple escaping destruction during the Buddhist purges occurred first

Q: Are the Prettyboy Dam and the Rocky Valley Dam located in the same country or different countries?
GTH A: different countries
New A: They are located in different countries

Q: Both Anomic aphasia and amnesia have what symptom in common?
GTH A: Forgetting something
New A: Both Anomic aphasia and amnesia involve the inability to retrieve things from the mind.

Q: How many Greek warships fought the Ottomans in the battle that had a siege at Missolonghi?
GTH A: 20.
New A: The Greek fleet, under Georgios Sachtouris, comprised 20 warships and eight fireships.

Q: Neither the Republic of Crimea nor the city of Sevastopol are internationally politically recognized as parts of what country that had a capital in both Moscow and Saint Petersburg?
GTH A: Russia
New A: Russia is the country that neither the Republic of Crimea or the city of Sevastopol are internationally politically recognized.

Q: What country could you find the G postcode area and the HS postcode area?
GTH A: Scotland
New A: The  G postcode area and the HS postcode areas are in Scotland.

Q: Which rail line provides service to Island Park and Deer Park stations in New York?
GTH A: The Long Island Rail Road provides service to these two stations.
New A: Long Island Rail Road provides service to Island Park and Deer Park stations in New York

Q: Was the album by DJ Khaled featuring the song Top Off released before or after the one containing the track Greece?
GTH A: Father of Asahd, which features the song Top Off was released before Khaled Khaled, which contains Greece.
New A: Father of Asahd Is the album by DJ Khaled featuring the song "Top Off" released before the album containing the track "Greece"

Q: Who were the artists featured in the Ludacris song that was used in Fast and Furious 6?
GTH A: Usher and David Guetta.
New A: Usher and David Guetta were the artists featured in the Ludacris song that was used in Fast and Furious 6

Q: What month in common do the release of the first single of the album Who I Am by Nick Jonas & the Administration and the last time the original version of the album Greatest Hits Volume II by Alan Jackson was available share?
GTH A: December
New A: December is the month in common with the release of the first single of the album "Who I Am" by Nick Jonas & the Administration and the last time the original version of the album Greatest Hits Volume II by Alan Jackson share

Q: How many more years did Luise Rainer live than Frederick Douglass?
GTH A: Rainer lived 27 years longer.
New A: Rainer lived 27 years longer than Douglass

Q: Who tries to prevent agents from doing their work on the Show that features FBI assistand Director Brad D. Follmer as a character?
GTH A: Kerch is an antagonist who tries to prevent the special Agents Mulder and Skully from investigating their cases.
New A: Kersh tries to prevent agents from doing their work

Q: Which nation can the highest mountain Attavyros on the Rhodes island and the Ancient Olympic Games stadium be found?
GTH A: Greece.
New A: The mountain Attavyros on the Rhodes island and the Ancient Olympic Games stadium are both located in Greece.

Q: What are the responsibilities of someone addressed as Your Honor?
GTH A: The judge is supposed to conduct the trial impartially and, typically, in an open court
New A: Judges are required to conduct a trial impartially and appear in court.

Q: Marcian was an Emperor of what empire that Euphemius was a military commander of?
GTH A: The Byzantine Empire
New A: Marcian was an Emperor of the Byzantines.

Q: How many whole firkins could a container the size of a beer hogshead hold at most?
GTH A: Five whole firkins
New A: Roughly 14, as 9 fit into a barrel and a barrel of beer is 2/3 of an ale hogshead.

Q: How can the amendment that was passed in  1865 be enforced?
GTH A: Congress can enforce it with legislation.
New A: It can be enforced by Congress.

Q: What type of religious institution is the structure that houses the title of ecumenical mother church of the Roman Catholic faithful, and the structure of St. Paul's Within the Walls that is in Via Nazionale in Castro Pretorio, Rome?
GTH A: These are churches.
New A: The Convocation of Episcopal Churches is the structure on via Nazionale in Castro Pretorio, and the Archbasilica of Saint John Lateran houses the title of ecumenical mother church of the Roman Catholic faithful.

Q: How many years after the visit of Lord Curzon was the inauguration of the new capitol?
GTH A: 28 years
New A: Lord Curzon visited in 1903 and the new capital was inaugurated in 1931 so it was 28 years after the visit.

Q: What is something that both gymnosperms and glossopteris produce?
GTH A: Both gymnosperms and glossopteris produce seeds.
New A: They both produce seeds.

Q: Hunting Wild Deer, using their meat to feed people is best described and defined in Marshall's Conservation ethics or Meta Ethics?
GTH A: Marshall's conservation ethics
New A: It is best described and defined in Marshall's Conservation ethics.

Q: Was the spouse of Rudolf Höss alive when the locomotive General was stopped at Big Shanty, Georgia?
GTH A: No, she was born in 1908.
New A: The spouse of Hoss was not alive.

Q: What family are the Aphis nerii and Lipaphis erysimi part of?
GTH A: They are part of the family Aphididae.
New A: The family Aphididae contains both the Aphis nerii and Lipaphis erysimi

Q: Are safety slogans intended also for raising productivity?
GTH A: Yes
New A: Yes, safety slogans promote safety and a safe workplace is a productive one.

Q: How many years were there between when Elfin Sports Cars was founded and when it began manufacturing cars?
GTH A: Two.
New A: There were 2 years between when Elfin Sports Cars was founded and when it began manufacturing cars

Q: What team lost in the final postseason series in 1990?
GTH A: The Oakland Athletics lost.
New A: The Athletics lost in the final postseason series in 1990

Q: What branch of Buddhism has the main stay of Lamaism and a complex consisting of a stupa?
GTH A: Tibetan Buddhism.
New A: Tibetan Buddhism has the main stay of Lamaism and a complex consisting of a stupa.

Q: In geology, depositional environment or sedimentary environment describes the combination of physical, chemical and biological processes associated with the deposition of a particular type of what, an example of which are rocks composed predominantly of broken pieces or clasts of older weathered and eroded rocks?
GTH A: Sedimentary rocks
New A: The types of rocks composed predominantly of broken pieces or clasts of older weathered and eroded rocks are known as Clastic sedimentary rocks.

Q: On what continent is the near threatened spotted eagle ray and the thornback ray both found in?
GTH A: They can be found in Africa.
New A: Both are found in Africa

Q: Why was the All-India Hindu Grand-Assembly political party in India started?
GTH A: To protect the rights of the Hindus.
New A: It was started to protect the rights of the Hindu community

Q: Does the band The Mixtures play the same type of music as DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince, or are they of a different genre?
GTH A: different genre
New A: The Mixtures was a rock band and DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince were a hip hop duo, so they both played music from different genres.

Q: What makes up the Trans-European Rail network and how long is the Trans-Siberian Railway?
GTH A: The Trans-European high-speed rail network (TEN-R), together with the Trans-European conventional rail network, make up the and the Trans-Siberian Railway is 5,750 miles (9,250 km).
New A: The  Trans-European Rail network is made up of high-speed rail and conventional rail, and the Trans-Siberian Railway is 5,750 miles (9,250 km) long.

Q: Had the Ottomans already crossed over into Europe when the Janissary corps became known as an effective military unit?
GTH A: The Ottomans crossed over into Europe in 1352 which is before the Janissary corps earned accolades in the 15th and 16th century.
New A: Yes, the Ottomans first crossed into Europe during the 14th century, while the Janissary corps became known as an effective military unit in the 15th and 16th centuries.

Q: What year did Lord of Badenoch appear where his lordship was created out of the territory of Meic Uilleim who his father defeated?
GTH A: As early as 1229.
New A: Lord of Badenoch appeared as early as 1229

Q: Does the Ninth and Eleventh Amendment to the United States Constitution deal with rights of foreigners?
GTH A: No. The Ninth Amendment ( Amendment IX) to the United States Constitution addresses rights, retained by the people, that are not specifically enumerated in the Constitution while The Eleventh Amendment clarifies judicial power over foreign nationals.
New A: Yes, both the Ninth and Eleventh Amendment to the United States Constitution deal with rights of foreigners

Q: How many more state legislative assembly constituencies does Tamil Nadu state in India have than Kerala state?
GTH A: Tamil Nadu has 94 more assembly constituencies
New A: Tamil Nadu state in India has 94 more state legislative assembly constituencies than Kerala state

Q: What connection does Econometrics have with the body of science that pertains to the collection and analysis of data?
GTH A: Econometrics uses statistical methods to study economic theories and relationships.
New A: They are both mathematical.

Q: Which genus of the family Agaricaceae was described first: Quelatia, or Macrolepiota?
GTH A: Quelatia was described in 1872, Macrolepiota wasn't described until 1948.
New A: Macrolepiota wasn't described until 1948 so Quelatia was found first in 1872.

Q: Are there more species of reptile in Turkey than there are extant species of amphisbaena?
GTH A: No, there are over 200 extant species of amphisbaena and only 136 species of reptile in Turkey.
New A: No there are only 136 species of reptiles in Turkey and over 200 extant species of amphisbaena.

Q: What type of rails do the West Rail line in Denver and the Mass Transit Railway in Hong Kong have in common?
GTH A: The West Rail line and the Mass Transit Railway both use light rails.
New A: They West Rail line and Mass Transit Railway both use light rail lines.

Q: Which two types of skin cancer are commonly found on people?
GTH A: Basal cell carcinoma and epidermoid carcinoma.
New A: Both Basal Cell Carcinoma and Cutaneous Epidermoid Carcinomas are commonly found on people.

Q: Which process of the ulna has a triangular shape, the styloid process or the process that projects forward from the anterior proximal of the ulna?
GTH A: The coronoid process has a triangular shape.
New A: The coronoid process has a triangular shape.

Q: If a tiger came across an Ariopsis felis in the wild, could the tiger eat it?
GTH A: Yes, Ariopsis felis are fish and tigers are known to eat fish.
New A: The tiger could eat it.

Q: Where can you find a striped, freshwater fish that is usually less than 7 centimeters long?
GTH A: It is found in the Sydenham River in Canada.
New A: Ontario's Sydenham River

Q: What sort of bird's are Henst's goshawks?
GTH A: Goshawk's are Accipeter and Accipeters are birds of prey.
New A: Accipiter

Q: What decade did the largest pewter manufacturer and retailer first start exporting their products to other countries?
GTH A: 1970's
New A: 1970s

Q: Which roadway was opened first, the Pettipauge and Guilford Turnpike or Interstate 80?
GTH A: the Pettipauge and Guilford Turnpike
New A: The Pettipauge and Guilford Turnpike opened first.

Q: Into what do the disks of all classes of enoyl-CoA isomerases dimerized?
GTH A: Hexamers.
New A: They dimerized into hexamers.

Q: Was the movie The Gathering directed by Randal Kleiser made before or after the Dutch rock band The Gathering had formed?
GTH A: Before
New A: The Gathering film by Randal Kleiser was made in 1977, 12 years before the forming of the band The Gathering.

Q: Which continents are the Cape Fold Mountains and the Apennine Mountains found on?
GTH A: The Cape Fold Mountains are found in Africa while the Apennine Mountains are found in Europe.
New A: The Cape Fold Mountains are on the Continent of Europe (In the country of Italy), while the Cape Fold Mountains are in the Continent of Africa, in the country of South Africa.

Q: Borna was Duke of the Guduscani, a tribe from the area where what person contributed to building monasteries?
GTH A: Sestak
New A: Zvonimir

Q: In which state is a hotspot below the North American Plate that displays time-progressive shifts in magmatic activity?
GTH A: This hotspot is in Wyoming.
New A: Wyoming

Q: The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) Fowler Class 4F has how many leading wheels on one axle?
GTH A: It has none.
New A: 15

Q: Which would more likely be pulled out of a hat or cage; Jackalope or Rabbit?
GTH A: Rabbit
New A: A rabbit would be more likely to be pulled out of a hat

Q: Can Shallow Inlet  and Tuluk Mahkota be found on the same island or different islands?
GTH A: different islands
New A: They are found on different islands

Q: Who existed first: The Carolina Rhinos or the Florence Phantoms?
GTH A: The Carolina Rhinos existed first.
New A: The Carolina Rhinos existed first as they were formed prior to 2002 and the Florence Phantoms didn't exist until 2006.

Q: Between The Band and Foreigner, which had their greatest hits compilation released on Capitol Records?
GTH A: The Band
New A: The Band had it's greatest hits album released on Capitol Records, the similar album for Foreigner was released on Atlantic Records.

Q: How old was Renée Rebecca Geyer when Jane Hall began her acting career in 1985?
GTH A: Renée Rebecca Geyer was 32 years old.
New A: Geyer was 32 years old when Hall began her acting career.

Q: During the Battle of Bosra, who did the person who ruled Damascus until 1174 aid?
GTH A: He aided Mu'in ad-Din Unur.
New A: Nur ad-Din aided Mu'in ad-Din Unur during the Battle of Bosra.

Q: What is the largest village on the Isle of Arran?
GTH A: Lamlash is the largest village.
New A: Lamlash is the largest village on the Isle of Arran.

Q: Do tension headaches and migraines both affect only one side of the head?
GTH A: No, while migraines typically affect one side of the head, tension headaches typically affect both sides of the head.
New A: Migraines typically effect only one side of the head. Tension headache pain can radiate from the lower back of the head, the neck, eyes or other muscle groups. Tension headaches usually affect both sides of the head.

Q: Did Western Arabic numerals originate in the same present-day country as the Bengali numbers?
GTH A: Yes, India
New A: Yes, they both originated from India.

Q: How many books has the winner of the Chess Journalist of the Year in 2016 written?
GTH A: twelve
New A: Al Lawrence has written 12 books.

Q: Which band has more albums: U2 or The Steel Drivers?
GTH A: U2 has a total of 18 albums while The Steel Drivers only have five albums.
New A: U2 has more albums, with 14 studio albums to The Steel Drivers' 5.

Q: What might the Rock of Gibraltar as a fortified town have served as?
GTH A: Fortresses mainly served the purpose of a watch tower, which guarded certain roads, passes, and borders.
New A: It may have been a watch tower.

Q: Why would medical doctors have an interest in Mountain horseshoe bats?
GTH A: Mountain horseshoe bats are rhinolophids which doctors believe carry illnesses.
New A: They can cause an epidemic with an outbreak.

Q: What cities would have the LSWR X2 class express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives have visited?
GTH A: They would have visited London, Plymouth, Salisbury, Exeter, Ilfracombe, Padstow, Southampton, Bournemouth, and Weymouth.
New A: The LSWR X2 locomotives would have visited London, Plymouth, Salisbury, Exeter, Ilfracombe, Padstow, Southampton, Bournemouth and Weymouth.

Q: What type of weapons did Italy and Germany both use on boats during World War II?
GTH A: They used torpedoes.
New A: Torpedoes were used on boats by both Italy and Germany in World War II.

Q: How old was Alpana Banerjee when she received best singer award for the film Shubhada in 1952?
GTH A: She was 18 years old.
New A: Alpana Banerjee was 18 years old

Q: Which would be more useful on an open sea; Narrowboat or Sailing ship?
GTH A: Sailing ship
New A: A Sailing ship would be more useful on an open sea

Q: Which viper is the longest: the Lachesis muta or the Gloydius halys?
GTH A: The Gloydius halys has a maximum length of 23 inches which is shorter than the 12 foot maximum length of the  Lachesis muta.
New A: The Lachesis muta is the longest

Q: How old was Corey Gaines when he became head coach of the Mercury?
GTH A: 42.
New A: Corey Gaines was 42.

Q: How long ago did small sap-sucking insects and members of the superfamily Aphidoidea, first originate?
GTH A: Aphids originated in the late Cretaceous about 100 million years ago.
New A: They originated about 100 million years ago.

Q: What language family do the Central Malayo-Polynesian languages, Western Malayo-Polynesian, and Malayo-Polynesian languages belong to?
GTH A: They all belong to the Austronesian language family.
New A: They are Austronesian languages.

Q: Does the 51st Combat Communications Squadron use the AFSC code?
GTH A: Yes, the AFSC code is a code used by the U.S. Airforce and the 51st Combat Communications Squadron is part of the Airforce.
New A: Yes, the Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) is used by the Air Force, which includes the 51st Combat Communications Squadron.

Q: Which bodies of the cell go through dissolution which later leads to neuronal regeneration under Chomatolysis?
GTH A: Nissi bodies.
New A: Nissl bodies go through this process.

Q: What types of objects serve as symbols in Christianity?
GTH A: A pectoral cross, Christological plants, and a Christogram all serve different symbolic functions within the Church.
New A: Plants, crosses, and the Christogram all serve as symbols.

Q: What would have been a 17th century alternate spelling of the area that the historic market town of Windsor is in?
GTH A: Barkeshire
New A: Barkeshire was an alternate 17th century spelling of the historic market town of Windsor is in.

Q: In what country is the company that makes the crane called Big Carl?
GTH A: Belgium.
New A: Belgian heavy-lift company Sarens built Big Carl.

Q: How many years after the birth of Brandon Boyd was American rock band Incubus founded?
GTH A: 15 years
New A: Incubus was founded 15 years after the birth of Boyd.

Q: Which formal system establishes that each Italian region is an autonomous entity with defined powers and the number of members of the Senate?
GTH A: The Constitution
New A: The Italian Constitution establishes them both.

Q: The Romanesque style and The Gothic style were both styles primarily concerned with different ways of building what?
GTH A: Cathedrals
New A: They were both used to build cathedrals.

Q: Which anatomical locomotive feature is shared by Odobenus rosmarus and loggerhead sea turtles?
GTH A: Odobenus rosmarus and loggerhead sea turtles both have flippers.
New A: Flippers are shared by Odobenus rosmarus and loggerhead sea turtles.

Q: How large was the empire of the Islamic caliphate that sieged Constantinople in 717-718 relative to the other world empires of that time period?
GTH A: The Umayyad Caliphate had the largest empire in the world at the time.
New A: The empire of the Islamic caliphate that sieged Constantinople in 717-718 was the largest empire in the world at that time.

Q: How did the status of Knapton, North Yorkshire change from during the 16th century to 1988?
GTH A: It changed from being a detached part of the parish of Holy Trinity, Micklegate in York to being absorbed into the civil parish of Rufforth, and the parish was subsequently renamed Rufforth with Knapton.
New A: In 1988 it was absorbed into the civil parish of Rufforth

Q: What element is present in both the compound that is used in the manufacture of anthraquinones, and in steel that has this diffused into it creating an intermetallic layer?
GTH A: Aluminum.
New A: Aluminium is present in both the compound that is used in the manufacture of anthraquinones, and in steel that has this diffused into it creating an intermetallic layer

Q: What is the local name of the mostly white bird that has a long, drooping crest, and has  wings and tails that are black at the ends, and are known as talking birds that sound like they mimic human speech?
GTH A: The local name is jalak Bali.
New A: jalak Bali is the local name of the mostly white bird that has a long, drooping crest, and has wings and tails that are black at the ends, and are known as talking birds that sound like they mimic human speech

Q: What church did the person that Aimone took his regnal name in memory of attend in 925?
GTH A: Tomislav attended the Church Council of Split in 925.
New A: They attend the Church Council of Split.

Q: How many meters difference is there between the top of Miller Mountain and the highest point in the Mule Mountains?
GTH A: 1810 meters
New A: There is a 1,810 meter difference.

Q: The country with 82 cantons and 473 districts declared independence in which year?
GTH A: Costa Rica, which is divided into 82 cantons and 473 districts, declared independence in 1847.
New A: They declared independence in 1847.

Q: Which is more of a political leader, setting an example for others to follow; Kanye West or Martin of Tours?
GTH A: Martin of Tours
New A: Martin of Tours

Q: What artistic practice did both Carol Lawrence and Lee Lawrence participate in?
GTH A: Singing.
New A: Singing

Q: What is the difference between acoustic beats and filmmaking beats?
GTH A: In acoustics, a beat is an interference pattern between two sounds of slightly different frequencies, while in filmmaking, a beat is a small amount of action resulting in a pause in dialogue.
New A: In filmmaking, it is a small action that results in a pause of dialogue. In acoustics, it is a periodic variation of volume.

Q: What are the respective titles of the second-in-command in the British Army and United States Army?
GTH A: In Britain, second-in-command is known as deputy commander and in the United States, they are known as major.
New A: The second-in-command in the British Army is called a deputy commander and United States Army second in command is a major

Q: Are Ruthweiler and Rutsweiler am Glan the same place?
GTH A: No they are not.
New A: No Ruthweiler and Rutsweiler am Glan are not the same place

Q: What is the commonality between PPE and diving equipment?
GTH A: Being air tight is important in both.
New A: They are both protective

Q: Where can I find beetles in the same genus as D. latissimus?
GTH A: Beetles in the Dytiscus genus are distributed in Europe, Asia, North Africa and North and Central America.
New A: They can be found in Europe, Asia, North Africa and North and Central America.

Q: Which river separates the Loess Hills that has much of its landscape held in private ownership?
GTH A: The Big Sioux River.
New A: The Big Sioux River separates the hills.

Q: Because of its position near several different countries like Tunisia, Corsica, and Italy, did Sardinian authors utilize different languages when writing?
GTH A: Yes, some wrote in Italian, Spanish, Catalan, and Sardinian.
New A: Yes, as an example the Sardinian author Jeronimo Araolla writes in three languages

Q: Do the Royal canadian army and the royal australian army both have same commanders?
GTH A: They have different commanders.
New A: No, both armies have their own commanders and command headquarters.

Q: Did the heavy blade that's 18 in in length have a hilt that was simple with a small pommel?
GTH A: It was a grip not a hilt.
New A: Yes, the Cinquedea had that kind of hilt.

Q: How many total deaths were there for the terrorist attacks on the Abrams Building in Frankfurt and the attack on the El AI passenger bus in the Munich-Riem Airport?
GTH A: There were two total deaths for the Abrams Building attack in Frankfurt and the El AI passenger bus attack.
New A: There were two deaths: 1 from reach incident.

Q: In which event would someone actually have to stand or move around without assistance more to do well; 2014 Formula one World Championship or 2014 CONCACAF Women's Championship?
GTH A: 2014 CONCACAF Women's Championship
New A: One would need to stand and move around more to do well in the 2014 CONCACAF Women's Championship event.

Q: Which River comes from more frozen sources; Whitewater River or White river?
GTH A: White river's source is a glacier.
New A: The White River comes from a more frozen source than the Whitewater River.

Q: Between the Four Corners Generating Station and Plant Scherer, which plant has the highest generating capacity at their height?
GTH A: Plant Scherer has the highest output of 3,720 megawatts while the Four Corners Generation Station has an output of 2,040.
New A: The total generating capacity of Robert W. Scherer Power Plant is higher, as it has four units that each can produce 940 megawatts, while the Four Corners station can only produce a maximum of 2,040 megawatts.

Q: What prompts fire season in the Western United States and how is the season classified as finished?
GTH A: The fire season in the Western United States is prompted by drought and is considered finished after the first significant rainstorm in autumn.
New A: The season begins with droughts and ends when the first significant rainstorm occurs.

Q: Which area is older: Manaus or the Praetorian prefecture of the Orient?
GTH A: The Praetorian prefecture of the Orient was formed in the 4th century which was before Manaus was formed in 1669.
New A: The Praetorian prefecture of the Orient is several centuries older than Manaus.

Q: What school won the NCAA Women's Tennis Championships the year that Betsy King won the first of her two consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles?
GTH A: Stanford.
New A: Stanford won the NCAA Women's Tennis Championships in 1989.

Q: Where was the father of Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Muhammed ibn Ali ibn Musa ibn Ja'far summoned to by the Abbasid Caliph Al-Mutawakkil at age 30?
GTH A: The father of Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Muhammed ibn Ali ibn Musa ibn Ja'far was summoned to Samarra at age 30.
New A: He was summoned to Samarra.

Q: Where did the monk who made the collection of ascetic maxims that was later published by Michel Aubineau live?
GTH A: He lived at Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai.
New A: Hesychius of Sinai lived on Mount Sinai.

Q: Which plant shares it's name with a village in Belize District, Belize?
GTH A: Gardenia is a plant and a village in Belize.
New A: Gardenia jasminoides shares the name "Gardenia" with a village in Belize.

Q: How did the leaders within the region which included the western fringes of the Holy Roman Empire, Upper Burgundy and Lorraine mark borders of their kingdoms in the Middle Ages?
GTH A: They believed their kingdoms had natural borders.
New A: Leaders believed their kingdoms had natural borders.

Q: Why wouldn't Come On Come On chart in the same genre as Come On, Come In?
GTH A: Come On Come On is country, and Come On, Come In is Hot Mainstream Rock .
New A: Come On Come On is a country song and Come On, Come In is a rock song, so they would not go on the same genre chart.

Q: When Bishop William Hogarth became the first bishop of the diocese of Hexham and Newcastle, had the modern diocese been expanded to include the title of Newcastle?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, Bishop William Hogarth became the first bishop of the diocese of Hexham and Newcastle in 1850, which was before the modern diocese been expanded to include the title of Newcastle in 1861.

Q: Between the USS Aspro and the USS Strength, which one was designed to go underwater?
GTH A: The USS Aspro.
New A: The USS Aspro is designed to go underwater as it is a submarine.

Q: Texts from which two cultures formed the basis for a practice rejected by the scientific community as having no explanatory power for describing the universe?
GTH A: Hellenistic and Arabic.
New A: Texts from Hellenistic and Arabic astrologers form the basis of Astrology, the practice rejected by the scientific community.

Q: The metro line with 12 stations from Versova to Ghatkopar is in the same city as which line currently being built that will be the first underground line in that city?
GTH A: Aqua Line 3
New A: Both metro lines are located in Mumbai.

Q: Who has appeared on stage more often, to roaring crowds of young people screaming; Lee Su-ji or Shin Soo-ji?
GTH A: Lee Su-ji
New A: Lee Su-ji has appeared on stage more often, as she is a singer and actress.

Q: Who carried out the massacres at both Babi Yar and Monte Sol?
GTH A: Nazi forces
New A: German military forces carried out the massacres at both Babi Yar and Monte Sol.

Q: How does the depth of the Cayman Trough compare to the depth of the Factorian Deep?
GTH A: They are roughly the same depth, with the Cayman Trough reaching 7,686 meters in depth and the Factorian Deep reaching 7,433.6 meters in depth.
New A: The Cayman Trough is deeper than the Factorian Deep.

Q: Who do an equerry and a lady-in-waiting work for?
GTH A: A high-ranking person
New A: An equerry and a lady-in-waiting both work for a person of rank

Q: How many districts are in the state whose state animal belongs to the genus Nilgiritragus?
GTH A: There are 38 districts in Tamil Nadu, whose state animal is the Nilgiri tahr, which belongs to the genus Nilgiritragus.
New A: There are 38 districts are in Tamil Nadu

Q: Did Cassandra Cain or Duela Dent claim to have more parents?
GTH A: Duela Dent claimed to have more parents.
New A: Duela Dent claimed to have more parents

Q: Does the river that ends at the town of Greenfield flow through any of the same states as the river that rises near Quandary Peak and flows through the Dillon Reservoir?
GTH A: No; the Green River, which ends at the town of Greenfield, flows through Vermont and Massachusetts, while the Blue River, which rises near Quandary Peak and flows through the Dillon Reservoir, flows through Colorado.
New A: No, they don't flow through the same states.

Q: Which is the longest of over 60 literary things using metres in Tolkien's work?
GTH A: Song of Earendil is the longest poem in Lord of the Rings, by Tolkien.
New A: The Song of Eärendil is the longest of the poems and songs in Tolkien's work.

Q: What is the name of the region that refers to the entire northern Levant and whose Regional Command has the power to nominate a candidate for president?
GTH A: Syria.
New A: Syria

Q: What type of animal tissue is the Triphosa dubitata sometimes used to clean?
GTH A: Triphosa dubitata is sometimes used to clean epithelium.
New A: Epithelium

Q: How common is Kodo Nishimura's surname?
GTH A: It is the 46th most common surname in Japan
New A: Nishimura is the 46th most common surname in Japan.

Q: What state that Lisa Welch Semler lives in did Fran Cavendar die in?
GTH A: California
New A: Fran Cavendar died in California where Lisa Welch Semler lives.

Q: What state are both St Elizabth's Medical Center and UMass Memorial Health located in?
GTH A: Massachusetts
New A: Both are in Massachusetts.

Q: How many letters does the name of the fictional television network featured in Animalympics share with the network that the film was made for in real life?
GTH A: Zero
New A: They don't share any letters.

Q: Which came first: Big Bash League's inaugural year or Brett Lee's retirement from playing cricket?
GTH A: Big Bash League's inaugural year.
New A: The inaugural year of the Big Bash League occurred prior to Lee's retirement from playing cricket.

Q: What are the inspirations for some of Wilson's songs.
GTH A: Perter Gabriel, Kate, Bush, Talk Talk, Tears for Fears and an acoustic guitar playing busker.
New A: Two things that inspired Wilson's songs are a busker, and also the pop records from when he was younger.

Q: What continent were both armadillos and rhea both native to?
GTH A: They are both native to South America.
New A: Armadillos and rhea are both native to South America

Q: Was the score historically determined by dividing a person's mental age score, obtained by administering an intelligence test, by the person's chronological age, both expressed in terms of years and months and multiplying by 100, relatively stable after a person reaches maturity?
GTH A: Yes.
New A: Yes, the score is relatively stable after a person reaches maturity

Q: What type of god is Ares who was on the losing side of the Trojan War, and Sarutahiko that is associated with bloodshed?
GTH A: They are war gods.
New A: Ares and Sarutahiko are both gods of war.

Q: Which country are the bands who both sang a song titled Little by Little from?
GTH A: England.
New A: England

Q: What are the chemical symbols that wholly comprise the molecular makeup of dichlorine heptoxide, monomeric chlorine trioxide and chlorine perchlorate?
GTH A: In all three molecular compounds, Cl and O are the chemical symbols that account for their entire chemical makeups.
New A: CIO

Q: Do the Seneca River and the Lima River both flow east?
GTH A: No, the Seneca River begins flowing east, while the Lima River flows westward.
New A: No

Q: What is the name of the airport in the city where the Emirates professional football club is based?
GTH A: Ras Al Khaimah International airport is in the same City as Emirates club.
New A: Ras Al Khaimah International Airport is the name of the airport in the city where the Emirates professional football club is based.

Q: Which appendage at the end of the human forearm has five digits?
GTH A: The hand
New A: The human hand normally has five digits.

Q: Were the USS Strength and the USRC Levi Woodbury both used during the Civil War?
GTH A: No.
New A: No, only the USRC Levi Woodbury was used in the Civil War.

Q: How many awards was Judy Davis nominated for for her portrayal of Sally Simmons?
GTH A: Davis was nominated for four awards for her portrayal of Sally Simmons.
New A: Judy Davis was nominated for four awards for her portrayal of Sally Simmons, the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress, the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, and the BAFTA for Best Actress.

Q: What type of rock is most common on the northeastern shores of the peninsula of the province that was governed by John Coape Sherbrooke?
GTH A: Granite is the most dominant rock.
New A: Granite is the most common rock on the northeastern shores of the peninsula of the province that was governed by John Coape Sherbrooke.

Q: What is the name of a short Southern Mountain Range between the Albanian-Greece border in the physiogeographical region in southern Albania?
GTH A: It is called the Nemërçkë.
New A: Nemërçkë is the name of a short mountain range in southern Albania on the border between Albania and Greece.

Q: USS St. Lo, Ommaney Bay and Bismarck Sea's operations would have included what for embarked aircraft?
GTH A: A launch and recovery cycle.
New A: The USS St. Lo, Ommaney Bay and Bismarck Sea operations would have included a launch and recovery cycle for embarked aircraft.

Q: What is the common sizing between Chicoreus Cervicornis and Chicoreus Miyokoae?
GTH A: Chicoreus Cervicornis and Chicoreus Miyokoae both grow to be between 45-75mm.
New A: The common sizing between Chicoreus Cervicornis and Chicoreus Miyokoae is between 40mm and 78mm.

Q: Did Giannis Gaitatzis and Julian Dicks manage teams before they played football?
GTH A: No, they both played football first and then managed teams.
New A: No, both these individuals played for the teams before they managed them.

Q: What is the name of the urban locality that's in the same district as Rytkuchi?
GTH A: Yuzhny.
New A: Yuzhny is the name of the urban locality that's in the same district as Rytkuchi.

Q: Were soldiers from the 6th division from Australia involved in Operation Parsnip just after they were first formed?
GTH A: No
New A: No, as they were formed in 1917 and Operation Parsnip took place in 1945.

Q: Which boulders can be found on beaches in New Zealand: Koutu Boulders or Moeraki Boulders?
GTH A: Both the Koutu Boulders and the Moeraki Boulders can be found on beaches in New Zealand.
New A: Both Koutu Boulders and Moeraki Boulders can be found on beaches in New Zealand.

Q: What name is shared in common by a British sommelier and singer who was a member of the band Five, and an American musician who was in the band The Meters?
GTH A: Neville
New A: Neville is the shared name in common by a British sommelier and singer who was a member of the band Five, and an American musician who was in the band The Meters

Q: Would a undecet group of musicians be classified as a chamber music ensemble based on Western classical music?
GTH A: It is unlikely that it would, as these chamber music ensembles are smaller and a undecet includes eleven musicians.
New A: It would not be classified in that way.

Q: How many years before the coat of arms of France was created did the last direct Capetian die?
GTH A: The last direct Capetian died some 577 years before the coat of arms of France was created.
New A: It was 577 years before.

Q: How far west does the land seized by Igwe Okolie Akwara go?
GTH A: It extends to the confluence of the rivers of Atamiri and Enyinja.
New A: The land seized by Igwe Okolie Akwara extends to the confluence of the rivers of Atamiri and Enyinja.

Q: Where was the French president who was shoot in Paris born?
GTH A: He was born in Aurillac.
New A: French President Paul Doumer was born in Aurillac, in the Cantal département, in France.

Q: What did the premier lay peer of the kingdom of France rule over?
GTH A: He ruled over a vast complex of territories known as the Burgundian State.
New A: The premier lay peer of the kingdom of France ruled over a complex of territories known as the Burgundian State.

Q: What creates convolute beddings and cross-laminae ripple?
GTH A: Environmental deposits
New A: Both can be created by water currents or ripples.

Q: What modern day municipality does the city that was attacked by a Spartan king in 218 BCE belong to?
GTH A: It belongs to the Tripoli municipality.
New A: Tripoli

Q: How old was the Brazilian football player Socrates, when the Spanish football player Socrates Romero was born?
GTH A: Socrates was 12 when Socrates Romero was born.
New A: 12

Q: What is the group of the kidney-shaped organs in the lymphatic system that drain the majority of lymph from the breasts?
GTH A: The axillary lymph nodes.
New A: axillary lymph nodes

Q: Does the expansion of the universe fit the Wythoff construction definition of expansion?
GTH A: No
New A: It does not

Q: The character of Marita Covarrubias was a replacement for what character who shares a name with the first letter of the show Jeffrey Frank Spender is a character on?
GTH A: X.
New A: character X

Q: What gives rise to the receptors that are located in the cilia and synapses of olfactory sensory neurons?
GTH A: Olfactory receptors arise from the basal cells of the  the olfactory epithelium.
New A: Basal cells rise to the receptors that are located in the cilia and synapses of olfactory sensory neurons

Q: The cursive-joining alphabet used for writing the variety of Old Turkic that was the ancestor of the modern Western Yugur language was used during what time period?
GTH A: The Old Uyghur script was used between the 8th and 17th centuries.
New A: The Old Uyghur script was used between the 8th and 17th centuries.

Q: Which lasted more seasons, the First American Football League or Arsenal's season streak in the top division of English Football in the 1920's?
GTH A: Arsenal's streak
New A: Arsenal's season streak in the top division of English Football in the 1920's.

Q: What cardinal region of Canada can you find the Innuitian Region and the terrestrial ecozone called the Arctic Cordillera?
GTH A: In the north.
New A: You find the Innuitian Region and the terrestrial ecozone called the Arctic Cordillera in the Arcitc Archipelago of Canada.

Q: Did Grandstand launch before or after the birth of Aung San Suu Kyi?
GTH A: after
New A: Grandstand launched after the birth of Aung San Suu Kyi.

Q: In which decade were both Natasha Rastogi and Natasha Jane Richardson born?
GTH A: They were both born in the early 1960s.
New A: They were both born in the 1960's.

Q: What two companies made the ALCO S-1 and the C424?
GTH A: ALCO and the Montreal Locomotive Works made these locomotives.
New A: ALCO and their Canadian subsidiary Montreal Locomotive Works.

Q: Did the song 'If I Ain't Got You' by Alicia Keys win the Best R&B Video accolade at the MTV Video Music Awards in the same or a different year as when her song 'My Boo' was released to US contemporary hit radio?
GTH A: The same year
New A: The same year

Q: which is not an actual form of test; Multiple Choice Novel or Multiple choice format?
GTH A: Multiple Choice Novel
New A: The Multiple Choice Novel

Q: The term Alto in regard to Flutes and choral range both involve what?
GTH A: Alto flutes and Alto voices indicate musical terms.
New A: Tone

Q: Was the 1940 and 1944 United States presidential elections both held on the same day of the month?
GTH A: No the 1940 election took place on the 5th and the 1944 election was held on the 7th.
New A: No

Q: What color trim do both the Brazilian Armed Forces and the Military Forces of Columbia use?
GTH A: Both the Brazilian Armed Forces and the Military Forces of Columbia use gold trim on their uniforms.
New A: Gold fringe is used by both the Brazilian Armed Forces and the Military Forces of Columbia?

Q: Was the priory which was built by Ansgot of Burwell for Benedictine monks in place when the Wellow Abbey was founded?
GTH A: The Wellow Abbey was founded around 1110 which is around the same time that Burwell built the priory for the monks.
New A: No, he priory which was built by Ansgot of Burwell for Benedictine monks was built the same year as the Wellow Abbey was founded

